3	 Mr. Niel, the French Internet entrepreneur, is a slightly disheveled 45-year-old fond of jeans and open- collared shirts. He is a high school graduate from a working-class Paris suburb who rails bluntly against the country's established classes and a business elite culled from a handful of grande écoles — elite educational institutions .But over the past two decades, Mr. Niel has amassed a net worth estimated by Forbes in March at.
3	 IF you could close your eyes for just a moment like Rip Van Winkle, and blink them open in, you might see a very different energy world. Electric cars may be popular. Solar energy could be cheap enough that millions of households and businesses deploy solar panels to generate their power needs. Fossil fuels will probably still dominate, but most trucks and many trains could run on natural gas rather than more polluting diesel. And the United States could be a major oil exporter .None of this is implausible. Consider the change over the last 10 years.
2	 WE often hear that comedy is universal — that laughter is the common language, transcending cultural barriers — but in fact it may be the most difficult genre to export. A pratfall is a pratfall, but anything more advanced requires a sense of cultural context and an instinctive understanding of local norms. Hence a film like Dany Boon's  Bienvenue Chez les Ch'tis,  a comedy that broke box office records in France when it was released in, barely made a ripple elsewhere.
3	 LONDON — European regulators said on Monday that they expected to conduct a full inquiry into a deal to build Britain's first nuclear power station since, threatening delays that could undermine investment plans for the 16 billion pound project.The concern in Brussels is that the terms of the contract might involve British government subsidies that violate European competition rules. At issue is whether the rates the government has guaranteed to the power plant's operators for 35 years will distort the market for electricity in the European Union .
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats are on the verge of moving to eliminate the use of the filibuster against most presidential nominees, aides and senior party leaders said Wednesday, a move that would deprive Republicans of their ability to block President Obama 's picks for cabinet posts and the federal judiciary and further erode what little bipartisanship still exists in the Senate . Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, is poised to move forward on Thursday with a vote on what is known on Capitol Hill as the   nuclear option,  several Democrats said. Mr.
0	 (Reuters) - Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees on Thursday agreed on a timetable for his return from a strained quadriceps, a day after clashing on the beleaguered slugger's use of a second opinion to support a claim he was ready to play. Rodriguez, who has yet to play this season after having hip surgery and is in the cross-hairs of a Major League Baseball probe into performance enhancing drugs, will play either a rehab or simulated game by August 1 and then be re-evaluated, General Manager Brian Cashman said on a conference call.
4	  LOS ANGELES — A former Navy reservist who was fired from the Los Angeles Police Department in 2008 has gone on a murderous rampage aimed at police officers and their families, law enforcement officials said Thursday, killing at least three people — including an 11-year veteran of the Riverside Police Department — and setting off a huge manhunt across Southern California .The police were on high alert in a dragnet that appeared to rattle even a part of the country familiar with sweeping police hunts.
0	 LONDON — Manchester City ground out a 1-0 win over struggling Crystal Palace to go top of the Premier League and champions Manchester United continued their recent revival with a 1-0 victory at Norwich City on Saturday.With leaders Arsenal not playing until Sunday, Edin Dzeko's 66 th-minute goal earned the points for City who maintained their perfect home record this season but showed none of their usual free-scoring swagger at the Etihad Stadium. I think the team that wants to win the title must have different faces,  City manager Manuel Pellegrini told the BBC .
4	  WASHINGTON — First the White House and Congress created a potential fiscal crisis, agreeing more than a year ago to once-unthinkable governmentwide spending cuts in 2013 unless the two parties agreed to alternative ways to reduce budget deficits .Now that those cuts are imminent — because compromise is not — they have created one of Washington's odder blame games over just whose bad idea this was.
2	 The eclectic, genre-busting festival Migrating Forms, now in its fifth year, has itself migrated — to BAMcinématek. As for forms, expect all types, from experimental shorts to features by the Hong Kong auteur Johnnie To. The festival opens on Wednesday with an art-gallery -meets art-house punch: four shorts by Ryan Trecartin first presented as an installation at the Venice Biennale . Mr. Trecartin — he  seems bound for greatness,  the art critic Roberta Smith wrote in The New York Times — will introduce the films .
0	 The deal was done in private between billionaires, and the only way we will get to know the value of Fulham is if it suits one of them to tell us the figure. That's confidential,  said the buyer, Shahid Khan, as he posed beside the seller, Mohamed al -Fayed, at the club's venerable old ground.Khan is Pakistani -American. Fayed was born and raised in Egypt. And Craven Cottage, where they sealed their handover on Saturday, predates the soccer club established by the River Thames in West London.You feel the Englishness here more than at any other stadium in the country.
3	 That news hardly indicates that Ireland has come out of its long downturn, one that was brought on by a property boom stoked by irresponsible lending. But the upturn in real estate prices nonetheless provided a note of cheer this week in a country whose consumers were already more optimistic — or at least less pessimistic — than they had been in years.The Central Statistics Office reported that prices of residences in Ireland — homes and apartments — were.2 percent higher in June than they had been a year earlier.
4	  CHICAGO — The fierce struggle among Republicans over whether to make Medicaid available to more low-income people played out in Michigan on Tuesday as the Republican governor, Rick Snyder, narrowly succeeded in swaying enough conservative senators in the State Legislature to accept the expansion, which was part of President Obama 's health care law.Mr. Snyder's preferred bill — one he had lobbied for intensely for months — initially fell short by one vote, but the governor salvaged a deal hours later. The vote in the Republican -controlled Senate was 20 to, with only 8 Republicans in favor.
2	  LOS ANGELES — The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is inviting its roughly,000 members to join what promises to be an unusual group discussion of something that has set off much private debate here recently: the Academy's future.Word of the planned session was sent to members on Thursday in an e-mail from Hawk Koch, the Academy's president, and Dawn Hudson, its chief executive . A brief  save the date  memo described a special event to be held in three cities — Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco — on May.
3	 The euro zone jobless rate rose to a record.1 percent in March, a sharp reminder that unemployment remains among the region's biggest problems.The unemployment rate in the 17-nation currency union ticked up by one-tenth of a percentage point from February, when the previous record was set, Eurostat, the statistical agency of the European Union, reported from Luxembourg. A year earlier, the rate was 11 percent.A separate report Tuesday from Eurostat showed that inflation dropped sharply, well below the European Central Bank's target rate of 2 percent a year. The annualized rate of inflation for consumer prices was.
0	 (Reuters) - The Colorado Avalanche opted for goal-scoring over defense, taking Canadian Nathan MacKinnon ahead of top ranked Seth Jones with the number one overall pick at the National Hockey League draft in Newark, New Jersey on Sunday.The Avalanche, who ranked near the bottom of the league in scoring last season, could not resist taking the 17-year-old MacKinnon, who hails from Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia the same home town as Pittsburgh Penguins captain Sidney Crosby .
2	 When the action hit  Cloverfield  thrilled audiences in, few in theaters could have guessed that they were, at least in part, under the creative stewardship of Steven Spielberg . That's because Mr. Spielberg has no credit on the production. But that didn't stop him from giving the movie's director, Matt Reeves, and its producer, J. J. Abrams, advice on how to improve the film . He had this idea about the ending,  said Mr. Reeves, who, with Mr. Abrams, had sent Mr. Spielberg a cut during postproduction with the hope that he would give them creative notes.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration on Thursday escalated its efforts to restore a stronger federal role in protecting minority voters in Texas, announcing that the Justice Department would become a plaintiff in two lawsuits against the state .The Justice Department said it would file paperwork to become a co-plaintiff in an existing lawsuit brought by civil rights groups and Texas lawmakers against a Texas redistricting plan. Separately, the department said, it filed a new lawsuit over a state law requiring voters to show photo identification .
2	  Rage doesn't have to fester for years, but revenge?  the director Spike Lee said, as he rapidly autographed 50 movie posters in a downtown Manhattan hotel suite .  That stuff takes time. It's the oldest staple of films, in stories. It goes back to the Bible. In Mr. Lee's new film,  Oldboy, Josh Brolin plays Joe Doucett, an alcoholic ad man and negligent father who is imprisoned in a small, mysterious room for 20 years for no evident reason.
4	 Feb. 27:  I got 200 250 cashlooking for a good handgun please let me know what u got. Feb. 28:  Looking to buy some 9 mm ammo and not at a crazy price. The intentions and background of the prospective buyer were hidden, as is customary on such sites.
3	 Strong earnings from technology companies nudged the Dow Jones industrial average to a five-year high on Wednesday. Investors were encouraged when the House agreed to let the government pay its bills for the next four months. The Dow Jones industrial average rose .12 points, or.5 percent, to close at,779.33, the highest level since Oct. 31, 2007. Google and I.B.M. posted solid fourth-quarter earnings late Tuesday . Many investors expected tech companies to struggle at the end of last year.I.B.M.'s results exceeded expectations, helped by its Internet -based business and sales of software services to developing countries like Brazil and Russia.
0	  CLEVELAND — After the stomping, U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann got stumped.Not long after his team was overrun 4-2 on Wednesday night in an international friendly by a talented Belgium team that dominated the Americans for 90 minutes, Klinsmann was asked if there were three positives to be taken from the loss. Um,  Klinsmann said, pausing.  Three? You challenge me with three? Klinsmann smiled and then danced around coming up with an adequate answer.There really wasn't much he could say.
1	 Now is the time of year when bees buzz from flower to flower. And for many plants, the very survival of their species depends on that buzz. The flowers and the insects are joined together in a partnership of sound.Bumblebees and other insects use buzzing to shake pollen out of flowers for food — and they fertilize flowers along the way. Scientists are exploring this acoustic feat to figure out how it has evolved, and how it helps sustain our own food supply .Flowering plants typically reproduce by delivering pollen to each other to fertilize seeds.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve, increasingly confident in the durability of economic growth, expects to start pulling back later this year from its efforts to stimulate the economy, the Fed chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, said on Wednesday.Mr. Bernanke, offering new details, said the central bank intends to scale down gradually its monthly purchases of Treasury securities and mortgage-backed bonds beginning later this year and ending when the unemployment rate hits 7 percent, which the Fed expects to happen by the middle of next year.
0	 The term warrior is often overused when it comes to athletes. But the Red Bulls' coach, Mike Petke, felt it fit in describing Tim Cahill's game-long resolve in fighting through an injury.Cahill, a Red Bulls midfielder who recently helped his native Australia qualify for next summer's World Cup in Brazil, will miss the next three to four weeks of the Major League Soccer season after sustaining a knee injury last Saturday.The injury occurred in the fourth minute of the Red Bulls' 4-3 win over visiting Real Salt Lake at Red Bull Arena.
4	  WASHINGTON — Despite years of differences on how to approach the terrorist threat, Obama administration officials said Monday that the American authorities investigating the Boston Marathon bombings were working effectively with their Russian counterparts and that they hoped the experience would usher in a new era of cooperation on counterterrorism .Since the bombings three weeks ago, Vladimir V. Putin, the Russian president, and President Obama have spoken twice on the phone and pledged deeper cooperation.
0	 As if Friday night's World Cup qualifier in San José between host Costa Rica and the United States did not have sufficient story lines :■ Consider that the American team received a rude greeting Tuesday when it arrived in the Central American country with memories of the snow game in March, which is being called the Snowclásico, still fresh in some fans' minds.■ Consider that Landon Donovan, the career leading scorer for the men's national team, is back with the World Cup squad after a long absence.
3	 The Russian state oil company, Rosneft, intends to sign a major contract to supply China with more than $60 billion of crude oil, a deal that could signal a small shift away from Western Europe toward Asia .Russia has been gradually opening its oil spigot to China in recent years . While the overall volume of Russia's oil output has remained level, the country has decreased sales to recession -plagued Europe. Without any exaggeration a large-scale contract has been prepared by Rosneft,  said President Vladimir V . Putin said after a meeting on Thursday with China's vice premier, Zhang Gaoli.
0	 (Reuters) - Swede Henrik Stenson produced a birdie blitz for the second day in a row to take a two-shot lead after the third round of the Scottish Open at Inverness on Saturday.The former Ryder Cup player, a seven-times winner on the European Tour, followed up his eight-under 64 on Friday with another low-scoring display as a 66 gave him a 16-under aggregate of.American Phil Mickelson, the highest-ranked player in the event, was in a group of four players sharing second place.
2	  PARK CITY, Utah — This year's Sundance Film Festival, marked by aesthetic ambition, a formidable female presence and enough on-screen sex to take the chill off, gives optimistic proof of the state of American independent cinema . Under the affable, low-key leadership of John Cooper, who took over as festival director in, Sundance has firmly settled into a groove, one that places movies above buzz. Celebrities, freebies and brands remain part of the clamorous mix — after the premiere of his experimental short  Interior. Leather Bar.
0	  ORLANDO, Fla. — The transaction is simple on the surface, familiar and mathematically sound. An N.B.A. team creates salary-cap room. An N.B.A. star signs a rich deal using that room. The Houston Rockets sign Dwight Howard and become instant contenders.That sequence unfolded last week, in a logical and linear fashion. There was, in fact, nothing simple about it.When the Rockets persuaded Howard to dump Kobe Bryant, spurn the Lakers and trade Hollywood for Houston, it was the culmination of a two-year campaign based on hope and hunches. It was the success of a strategy no one had tried.
2	 The CW series  Nikita  begins its fourth and final season on Friday — an abbreviated run to tie up story lines, as the reluctant assassin Nikita stands falsely accused of killing the president — and while there's still a chance, I'd like to celebrate a small but significant milestone. For six more weeks, two of the strongest and most interesting female leads on television are being played by Asian-American actresses.
2	 When it comes to musicals, Selma, the heroine of  Dancer in the Dark, prefers Hollywood to Vladivostok — or so we're told when she's on trial for murder. This may not be true of Lars von Trier, whose movie seems to reference, in its song-and-dance sequences, Soviet films as much as American ones. Dancer in the Dark  opens with Selma, played by Björk, who wrote most of the movie's musical numbers, singing  My Favorite Things  from  The Sound of Music .  Mr.
0	 The hardest Nets player to please, Gerald Wallace, had 13 rebounds in 41 minutes in Brooklyn's 93-89 win over the Chicago Bulls on Friday, a scratching, clawing, wrestling match of a basketball game that would seem right up his alley.Wallace has a low, syrupy-thick voice that finds ways to carry around a locker room . Lately, it has been carrying an undercurrent of candor.He criticized the Nets' effort in Wednesday's loss to the Miami Heat, considering it emblematic of how far the team still has to go. Wallace remained forthright in his assessment of Friday's game, despite the win.
4	 In the great taxation debate of, there is another issue that is bedeviling lawmakers at the state and federal level. Governments are struggling with good news that has a fiscal downside . Cars are becoming more efficient, alternative fuels are on the rise and people are driving less. That is good for the environment, but bad for the revenues that go into building and maintaining roads, because it means that the money collected from gasoline taxes has been dwindling while costs climb.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The signature play of the start of the Geno Smith era took place late in the fourth quarter, with the outcome all but decided, on yet another Sunday afternoon when it appeared the Jets would lose a game they should have won.Fifteen seconds remained on the game clock. Fifty-five yards stood between the Jets and the end zone . Smith, their rookie quarterback, their default option, scrambled right, away from traffic, toward the sideline. He gained 10 yards .
4	  WASHINGTON — If it were not for a now famous scene in a hospital just blocks away from the White House, it is unlikely that James B. Comey would have been standing in the Rose Garden on Friday to be introduced as President Obama's nominee for the director of the F.B.I.Mr.
2	 Assembling an all-star orchestra might seem like a surefire proposition. Bring together the top musicians from America's major orchestras and — presto! — you have an instantly awesome ensemble.Of course, the reality of what makes an orchestra great is much more complicated: It is not just the skill sets of the individual players, but the sensitivity and experience that come from accomplished musicians working together over extended periods under inspiring conductors.
3	 The economy is the victim of a little misunderstanding, Federal Reserve officials said on Thursday, telling investors who have sent borrowing costs soaring that they are misguided in believing the Fed's stimulus campaign is about to wane.The message, delivered in three separate but similar speeches, reflects the Fed's frustration with a broad rise in interest rates that began in May and accelerated after remarks last week by the Fed's chairman, Ben S. Bernanke. I don't want to be too cute about a serious matter,  Dennis P. Lockhart, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, said in Marietta, Ga.
1	 If ages from now, when New York City is covered in dust, archaeologists were to dig through its many layers and uncover the stainless-steel sculpture that currently stands at the southeast corner of 54th Street and Avenue of the Americas, what would they think?Perhaps they would view the eight- foot-tall artwork as some sort of ancient monument, and try to find meaning in its shape (an elongated, flattened sphere, its odd cutouts (they resemble kidneys) and the lines on its surface (could they be star tracks?).
2	 ON A RECENT EVENING the British soul singer Jessie Ware was in her South London flat, staring helplessly at a suitcase.  I'm just kind of packing for tour as we speak, really,  she said.  I'm one of those people who gets her suitcase out a week before they're going on holiday, just because you're afraid you're going to miss something. And then of course you miss something anyway. This sense of resigned, almost cheerful melancholy informs Ms. Ware's new EP,  If You're Never Gonna Move  (Cherrytree/Interscope.
2	 Two years ago the choreographer Christopher Wheeldon, who has worked extensively on both sides of the Atlantic, said in an interview that  New York has become quite conservative in a sense,  adding,  For me now London is, without question, the dance capital of the world. Having moved to New York from London in, and having returned there a number of times since, I thought Mr. Wheeldon was wrong then, and as I consider the dance events of the coming four months I think him wrong now.
2	 Before there was a documentary about WikiLeaks — before there was a major motion picture about its founder — Julian Assange was a star.With his mysterious hacker back story and shock of silver hair, Mr. Assange burst into public consciousness in 2010 with WikiLeaks' release of the Apache helicopter attack video and, in the process of revealing millions of secrets, unlocked a rarefied kind of fame.An unfolding tale of a swashbuckling avatar against powerful forces was a movie trailer waiting to happen.
2	 SARASOTA, Fla. — Michelangelo's David framed by palm trees : The image may seem incongruous, but it's a semiofficial symbol for this resort city on the Gulf Coast of Florida . A bronze version of that Italian Renaissance sculpture has long stood in a bayside courtyard of the Ringling Museum of Art here, part of the collection of European antiquities and old master paintings that the circus tycoon John Ringling imported in the early 1900s. Along with a long-established opera company, orchestra and repertory theater, the museum explains why Sarasota is accustomed to billing itself as Florida's Cultural Coast.
3	  TOKYO — Sony said on Thursday that it was weighing  carefully  a shareholder's proposal to spin off part of its entertainment arm, but executives said signs of a turnaround in the company's long-suffering electronics business showed that their strategy was on track.Sony of Japan posted net income of.5 billion yen ($35 million ) in the quarter that ended June, after a loss of.6 billion yen in the period a year earlier. The results were helped by a weaker yen and increased sales of smartphones . Revenue increased 13 percent, to.3 billion.
3	 Major retailers are bracing for a tough holiday season, reflected again this week in the gloomy third-quarter earnings issued on Thursday by Target and Sears. Target's earnings dropped 46 percent from a year ago, dragged down by a costly expansion in Canada and a bleak outlook for consumer spending in the United States . The company also lowered its forecast for the year. G.D.P. continues to grow at a painfully slow pace, while household income and consumer spending remains constrained,  said Gregg Steinhafel, chief executive of Target.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Mars rover Curiosity is humming again after being sidelined by back-to-back computer problems.The six-wheel rover fired up its onboard laboratories and analyzed a pinch of rock dust over the weekend. It had been unable to perform science experiments since late last month after experiencing a computer memory problem.Mission managers say Curiosity will work for a week before it takes another break. But this one is planned, because the sun will block communications between Earth and Mars.
3	  The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index edged up to a five-year high on Friday, extending a rally that started in January.The S.& P. 500 rose.54 points, to,517.93, closing up.3 percent for the week. The index is at its highest point since November 2007 and has advanced for six weeks, the longest streak of gains since August. The Dow Jones industrial average rose .92 points, or.35 percent, to,992.97.The Dow had its best January in almost two decades and closed above,000 on Feb. 1 for the first time since. The index is up.78 percent so far this year; the S.& P.
1	 It looked to be uniformly bland, which is why scientists chose it as the first rock to be examined up close last year by the Mars rover Curiosity: a run-of-the-mill volcanic rock, something to test and calibrate the rover's instruments.The rock turned out to be anything but ordinary, scientists reported last week. It is unlike any Mars rock previously examined and more like an Earth rock.And as for the pile of windblown dust and soil that the rover spent weeks analyzing? It was not dry as dust, but contained water.
0	 (Reuters) - Japanese slugger Hideki Matsui was afforded an emotional farewell to Major League Baseball on Sunday, ending his glittering career as a New York Yankee after re-signing with his old team for less than two hours.Matsui's final game in the majors was for the Tampa Bay Rays last year but the Yankees signed him to a one-day contract so he could end his career at the team where he enjoyed his greatest success. I'd like to thank the Yankees organization, from the bottom of my heart, for giving me this opportunity,  Matsui said through a translator.
0	  LOS ANGELES — The Tampa Bay Rays have pulled off the old hidden ball trick, trapping Juan Uribe of the Dodgers at third base.The rarely seen play occurred in the fourth inning Saturday with Los Angeles leading.A.J. Ellis hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly, and all three runners moved up as center fielder Wil Myers threw toward the plate.First baseman James Loney wound up with the ball behind the mound. He flipped it to shortstop Yunel Escobar, who then quickly tossed the ball to Longoria while no one seemed to be looking.
0	  CHICAGO — The Detroit Tigers are giving Jhonny Peralta a chance to earn a spot on their roster.That's about all general manager Dave Dombrowski would promise when he discussed the suspended infielder's future Tuesday. Peralta, who accepted a 50- game suspension from Major League Baseball on Aug. 5, will work out with the Tigers before Wednesday's game in Chicago against the White Sox . From our perspective, there really is an obligation with giving him a chance to come back,  Dombrowski said.  We'll make a baseball decision at some point, as we get closer, whether to activate him.
2	 Not the awards, so much. Plenty of people expected Jennifer Lawrence to win best actress. Many bet that  Argo  would beat  Lincoln  for best picture.Fewer could have foreseen that old Hollywood and new would come together in one M.C. Seth MacFarlane, the creator of  Family Guy,  crooned sappy standards ( The Way You Look Tonight ) and carried himself like Fred Astaire. But he also stayed true to form, taking crude shots at Jews in Hollywood, women and even the Lincoln assassination.
3	 MIDLAND, Mich. — As Dow Chemical's chief executive, Andrew N. Liveris has made himself into something of an outcast among his fellow business leaders .The reason? He is spearheading a public campaign against increased exports of natural gas, which he sees as a threat to a manufacturing renaissance in the United States, not to mention his own company's bottom line. But many others say such exports would provide far more benefits to the country than drawbacks, all part of a transformation that promises to increase the nation's weight in the global economy .The debate has grown personal.
4	  WASHINGTON — The former second-ranking officer in the United States military, retired Gen . James E. Cartwright of the Marines, is a target of an investigation into the leak of classified information about American cyberattacks on Iran's nuclear program, a person familiar with the investigation confirmed Thursday night .The leak investigation, being carried out by the United States attorney for Maryland, Rod J. Rosenstein, was announced by Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr .
3	  Medicare should not adjust payments on a broad regional basis to reward hospitals and doctors that spend less to achieve high-quality care, an interim report issued Friday by the Institute of Medicine concluded.The report's authors, who include prominent health policy experts, doctors and consumer advocates, were responding to the argument that Medicare should pay higher levels of reimbursement to areas of the country that deliver measurably good care at low cost and less to regions where costs are high and outcomes are poor. Areas don't make decisions; doctors, hospitals and delivery systems make decisions,  said Joseph P.
3	 AS head of Jhpiego, I'm flying overseas almost all the time, mostly to meet with ministers of health or to meet the teams in the field who are working to train doctors and midwives. I figure I have about one weekend home a month. In, I flew about,000 miles. I'm really lucky I have an understanding husband. He greets me at the airport at the end of nearly every trip with flowers and a smile.I'm also very lucky to be able to do this kind of work. Every culture has something that it can teach us.
3	 LONDON — A few years ago, the Iberian imperial eagle, a huge tawny raptor, died out in Portugal. But birds from Spain, where the species' numbers have increased thanks to conservation efforts, quickly moved west, and there are now 12 breeding pairs in central Portugal. A lot of wildlife conservation is providing more information to people,  said Luísa Ferreira Nunes, a professor of wildlife ecology at the Polytechnic Institute of Castelo Branco in Portugal.  People in Portugal and Spain now understand that we have endemic species that only exist in Iberia,  she said.
0	  The National Institutes of Health outlined Monday how it planned to use part of a $30 million grant from the N.F.L. to finance a series of research projects designed to answer some of the most vexing questions about how and why athletes sustain traumatic brain injuries .The agency said $12 million, most of it from the N.F.L., would go to two groups trying to identify chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or C.T.E., in living patients, not just in autopsies, as is the case now. To do that, they will try to define what is distinct about the condition.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — A glance at the key hole Sunday at the British Open :KEY FACT: Phil Mickelson hit 5-iron to 8 feet on the hole for the first of four birdies on his last six holes. Adam Scott, who was leading at the time, missed the green off the tee and bogeyed the 13th, the first of three straight bogeys.
0	 TRUCKEE, Calif. — Qualifying medalist Jim Liu advanced to the second round of the match play in the U.S. Junior Amateur on Wednesday, beating Matthew Lowe with an 8- foot birdie putt on the 19th hole.The 17-year-old, the 2010 champion and 2012 runner-up from Smithtown, N.Y., needed the extra hole to finish off the 17-year-old Lowe, from Farmingdale, N.Y., after losing the 18th with a bogey. That's golf . You can't expect to play well every day,  Liu said.  It's about the days where you don't have your best game and you just grind it out.
0	  ST . LOUIS — The voices of the Cardinals fans at Busch Stadium had turned raspy, harsh and a little desperate by the eighth inning Friday night . St . Louis had not managed much against the Los Angeles Dodgers ' starter, Zack Greinke, an old antagonist, in Game 1 of the National League Championship Series, and the score remained tied going into the ninth.The night dragged on, with the Dodgers failing to deliver runners from scoring position in the 10th, 11th and 12th innings.
0	 No Clint Dempsey . No Landon Donovan . Nothing at stake, in terms of a result. The United States went to Glasgow and played an up-and-down game against Scotland on Friday, a 0-0 draw. The American team seemed disjointed and a bit disinterested in the first half, but it did create several good scoring chances in the second 45 minutes — especially after Aron Johannson entered the match.
1	 Thirty-five years ago, a scientist named John H. Mercer issued a warning . By then it was already becoming clear that human emissions would warm the earth, and Dr. Mercer had begun thinking deeply about the consequences.His paper, in the journal Nature, was titled   West Antarctic Ice Sheet and CO Greenhouse Effect: A Threat of Disaster.  In it, Dr. Mercer pointed out the unusual topography of the ice sheet sitting over the western part of Antarctica.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — Brad Richards walked reluctantly into the ring of microphones for what was probably his last public appearance as a New York Ranger, ready to face an inquisition about his rapid, humiliating fall from stardom. It was a disappointing season,  he said in a low, subdued voice.  I had a lot of expectations. Everything — everything was a mess. Richards, 33, is almost certain to be bought out of his nine-year, $60 million contract, which has seven years and $36 million left. And he knows it.
0	 NEW YORK — An American man playing at the American Grand Slam tournament, John Isner found it hard to believe so many U.S. Open spectators were cheering so vigorously for his French opponent, Gael Monfils .They clapped rhythmically while chanting,  Let's go, Monfils!  They loudly sang his last name between points. They rose to their feet and raucously saluted Monfils' best shots. They applauded faults and other miscues by the 13th-seeded Isner, the highest-ranked U.S. man, who eventually pulled out a, 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (4) victory Thursday night . I was a little bit disappointed in that, actually.
2	 NO one dominates the field of contenders for the Grammy Awards this year as Adele did a year ago. And so far there has been little drama leading up to Sunday night's ceremony that can rival the sudden death of Whitney Houston last year or Adele's much-talked-about return from vocal surgery.So does this year's show run the risk of being a snooze? Fear not, music fans, there are plenty of minidramas to watch for that could make the evening's proceedings, to be broadcast on CBS at 8 p.m. Eastern time from the Staples Center in Los Angeles, interesting.
4	 From the day in 1983 when he graduated cum laude from Baylor University, Tim Smith fit the profile of a star alumnus. He went on to earn an M.B.A. at Harvard and to lead an information technology company with 300 employees. The business school at Baylor invited Mr. Smith to speak to classes about  entrepreneurial finance,  and he was named twice to its advisory board .Then, as the fall semester began in, word reached the business school's dean that Mr. Smith was gay and living with his partner. Mr.
3	  Wall Street was unable to shrug off doubts about government gridlock on Tuesday, as concerns about a government shutdown dragged much of the stock market lower in the final half- hour of trading .The modest losses extended the losing streak for the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index to four days. It was the longest run of declines in a month. The Dow Jones industrial average also dropped for a fourth consecutive day. Investors struggled with conflicting news about the economy on Tuesday. One report showed that home prices in July rose the most in more than seven years.
1	  Alzheimer's disease, high blood pressure and heart disease are the three most common chronic conditions in assisted living facilities: 82 percent of residents have at least one of them, according to a new government study. But what is alarming is how these ailments overlap.A Venn diagram based on data from the study, by the National Center for Health Statistics in, shows just how often these three conditions coincide in patients, and why this overlap is becoming an important new field of study.There are more than,000 people in American assisted living facilities.
4	  WASHINGTON — In any season, Washington bristles with barriers to accomplishment: permanent partisan warfare, vast ideological differences, a system built for stalemate .But the political realities of a party leader facing a fight for re- election, as Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky will in, can complicate matters further.Mr. McConnell, the minority leader, said in an interview that he would continue to advance bipartisan deals that make sense, like the 2011 debt limit agreement and the 2012 compromise on deficit reduction, and oppose those that do not.
4	 CYPRESS, Tex. — A house party packed with teenagers and young adults in this Houston suburb turned deadly on Saturday evening when gunfire erupted, the authorities said, killing two high school students and injuring at least 20 other partygoers who were either shot or hurt as they hopped over fences or jumped out of second-story windows in a frantic rush to escape.More than 100 people were inside the house shortly before 11 p.m., celebrating a young woman's 18th birthday at a party that had been promoted on social media sites like Twitter and Facebook, officials said.
1	 An analysis of water, sediment and seafood samples taken in 2010 during and after the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has found higher contamination levels in some cases than previous studies by federal agencies did, casting doubt on some of the earlier sampling methods.The lead author, Paul W. Sammarco of the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium, said that dispersants used to break up the oil might have affected some of the samples.
2	 The most extraordinary dance adventure in 2013-14 in the United States is hard to believe even when you know all about it. It's set to happen on the Gulf Coast ; and it concerns a dead choreographer who wasn't American.He is Frederick Ashton, the founding choreographer of the British Royal Ballet, though it's worth noting that he was born in Ecuador in, grew up in Peru and first worked in the United States — and with black dancers — before his contemporary George Balanchine arrived here.
2	  LOS ANGELES — It's a sunny afternoon in a Hollywood recording studio, and deep bass is thumping through the floor. This is a hip-hop studio, usually. But on this day it is doubling as a therapist's office. A sex therapist's office, to be exact — and a couple named Donald and Lamar are seated on a black leather couch, midsession. Mostly our relationship is happy and good,  Lamar explains.  But I've told him, from the beginning, that I'm very turned on by a body that is physically fit.
4	  DENVER — A federal appeals court cleared the way on Tuesday for same-sex marriages to continue across Utah, denying an emergency request from state officials to halt a flood of unions that began after a lower-court judge declared the state's ban on same-sex marriage to be unconstitutional.Advocates of same-sex marriage cheered the ruling from the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, in Denver, while the Utah attorney general's office said it would ask the United States Supreme Court to temporarily halt same-sex marriages in the state until the legal battles could be resolved.On Friday, Judge Robert J.
3	 LONDON — Anadarko Petroleum of the United States and Videocon of India have put 20 percent of an important natural gas field off the coast of Mozambique up for sale, according to Videocon's chairman and others with direct knowledge of the matter.The sale, which analysts estimate could bring as much as.5 billion, could lead to a breakthrough for development of Mozambique's considerable energy resources by potentially bringing in a large industry player to provide expertise and capital.
2	 In preparing for   Mob City,  a fictional look at the seedy underbelly of 1940s-era Los Angeles and his first new television series in three years, Frank Darabont has had to excise other favorite TV shows and movies from his regular cultural diet.Gone were dramas like HBO's  Boardwalk Empire,  which is set in an earlier era than  Mob City  but also deals with the roots of organized crime, as well as thrillers like  L.A. Confidential,  which could be a source of distraction or envy to anyone looking to cover similar turf.
0	 The N.H.L. Board of Governors will convene Wednesday in New York to vote on a new collective bargaining agreement with the league's players' association . But another important item will be under consideration, even though it will not be on the official agenda: whether Gary Bettman will keep his job as commissioner.The board, made up of owners and executives from the 30 N.H.L. teams, is expected to approve the deal Bettman reached early Sunday with Donald Fehr and the N.H.L. Players' Association .
3	  ST . LOUIS — The nation's biggest miners' union and Patriot Coal said on Monday that they had reached a potential settlement that the union said would ease the severity of wage and benefit cuts a bankruptcy judge had allowed the company to impose.The United Mine Workers of America did not publicly reveal details of the deal, pending a vote Friday by about,800 current or laid-off Patriot workers in West Virginia and Kentucky eligible to cast ballots . Patriot also did not release the terms.
3	 THE first commercial nuclear plant in the United States, commissioned in, was just a scaled-up version of the reactors that powered submarines, and for decades afterward engineers made them bigger and bigger to maximize economies of scale .But the hot idea now is to think small — small enough to fit a reactor on a railroad car or even a heavy-haul truck.Such a reactor could be built in a factory, sidestepping the problems of assuring high-quality fabrication in the field and allowing fast installation.
0	 (Reuters) - Fiorentina striker Giuseppe Rossi is quickly making up for lost time after suffering successive knee ligament injuries which kept him out of action for the best part of two years.The Italy forward scored his fourth league goal of the season to help Fiorentina win 2-0 at Atalanta on Sunday, keeping them unbeaten in Serie A after four games.As much as his goals, Rossi has surprised observers with the way he has regained match fitness following a traumatic two years.
0	  DENVER — Todd Helton started his final homestand with a key single in the eighth inning that helped the Colorado Rockies beat the St . Louis Cardinals 6-2 on Monday night .Charlie Blackmon had three hits and drove in three runs for the Rockies, who prevented the Cardinals from taking over sole possession of first place in the NL Central . They remained tied with the Pittsburgh Pirates, who lost 2-0 to San Diego . Matt Carpenter and Matt Adams had two hits each for the Cardinals .
0	  BARCELONA — Barcelona's revenue is projected to rise to 509 million euros ($680 million ) this season, the Spanish champions said on Tuesday, making the club only the second to cross the half-billion threshold after arch rivals Real Madrid . Income for the 2013-14 campaign will be boosted by extra cash from sponsorship deals, as well as the sale of Spain midfielder Thiago Alcantara to Bayern Munich, Toni Freixa, a spokesman for the Barca board of directors, told a news conference .The club were targeting a post- tax profit of 36 million euros, he added.
3	 Arguing that the federal Defense of Marriage Act imposes serious administrative and financial costs on their operations, some of the nation's largest companies filed a supporting brief with the Supreme Court on Wednesday, urging it to overturn a section of the act that denies federal benefits and recognition to same-sex couples .The brief drew 278 signers, including more than 200 companies — among them giants like Citigroup, Apple, Mars and Alcoa — as well as city governments, law firms and other groups . In statements on Wednesday, many declared their firm opposition to discrimination based on sexual orientation .
3	 SIX years after the Great Recession began at the end of, the United States still has fewer jobs than it did then.That would not be the case but for the unprecedented collapse — and slow recovery — of the construction industry .Outside construction, there were,914,000 jobs in the United States in November, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, up,000, or.3 percent, from the prerecession peak.But construction employment, which peaked at,476,000 in the spring of, was down 30 percent, to,435,000, by the time it hit bottom in January.
4	  SAN MARINO, Calif. — Beneath the palm trees that line Huntington Drive, named for the railroad magnate who founded this Southern California city, hang signs to honor families who have helped sponsor the centennial celebration here this year. There are names like Dryden, Crowley and Telleen, families that have lived here for generations. But there are newer names as well: Sun, Koo and Shi .A generation ago, whites made up roughly two-thirds of the population in this rarefied Los Angeles suburb, where most of the homes are worth well over $1 million .
4	  WASHINGTON — Congressional lawmakers will straggle into the Capitol this week for the last legislative days before their long summer recess, crunch time in past Congresses but a sleepy time for the underachieving 113th.The last week before the August recess is usually full of late nights, last-minute deal-making and achievements to take home to constituents . This week, the House will not even show up until Tuesday evening .The most pressing business is student loans .
0	  FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The wall outside the Jets ' locker room at their headquarters here is lined with the team's historical numerical roster, and that was where Calvin Pace was pointing, discussing his football mortality, on a recent afternoon. You see those names over there,  Pace said.  Like, I remember him and him. They're here, and now they're gone. The first time Quinton Coples called him Old Man Calvin, in training camp, Pace just laughed.
2	 Part movie guide, part manifesto, Amos Vogel's 1974 book   Film as a Subversive Art  has loomed large in many a film buff's coming of age . A mind-expanding compendium of cinematic radicalism — from silent-era comedy to antiwar agitprop, avant-garde experiments to hard-core provocations — it is an idiosyncratic bid to create an anticanonical canon. The book has introduced generations of cinephiles to a wide array of seditious and often challenging work, but at its core is a simple, even utopian premise: Subversive cinema shows its viewers new worlds and new ways of seeing the world.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — To scan the crime blotter of this largely rural county is to get a snapshot of life in small-town Texas .Report of a dog bite on Grandview Drive. Report of cows loose in the 32000 block of Farm-to- Market . A stolen vehicle on Bradeen Drive. Donkeys on a property on County Road. Reports of trespassers and abandoned vehicles, thefts and domestic disturbances . No one from Kaufman County, it turns out, sits on Texas' death row .
4	  LOS ANGELES — In the heart of Northern California's marijuana growing region, the sheriff's office is inundated each fall with complaints about the stench of marijuana plots or the latest expropriation of public land by growers. Its tranquil communities have been altered by the emergence of a wealthy class of marijuana entrepreneurs, while nearly 500 miles away in Los Angeles, officials have struggled to regulate an explosion of medical marijuana shops .
3	  WASHINGTON — Two days before a fast-moving, powerful windstorm swept across the mid-Atlantic last June, Verizon tested the backup power generator at its central office in Arlington, Va., and it failed. Verizon didn't address the problem, however. When the storm, known as a derecho, barreled through the region on June 29 and, power failure left.5 million Verizon customers in Northern Virginia unable to call 911 emergency centers. The failure also knocked out Verizon's own ability to monitor its systems in nearby areas, hindering its efforts to assess and repair damages.
3	 LONDON — BP has sued the United States government to overturn the suspension of most BP entities, including its exploration arm, from federal contracts .The suit, filed on Tuesday in federal court in Texas, seeks to overturn a ban imposed in November by the Environmental Protection Agency . The agency cited BP for  lack of business integrity  as demonstrated by its role in the disastrous oil spill in 2010 in the Gulf of Mexico . The agency said the suspension would be in force  until the company can provide sufficient evidence to E.P.A.
0	 ARDMORE, Pennsylvania — Luke Donald bogeyed two of the last three holes in tough scoring conditions to hand Phil Mickelson a one-shot lead when the weather -delayed first round of the U.S. Open was completed on Friday. Englishman Donald had been a stroke in front with five holes remaining when play was suspended in fading light on Thursday but slipped back with three-putt bogeys at the par-four 16th and par-four last to card a two-under-par.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — The Nets have effectively flexed their muscles against the weaker teams in the Eastern Conference all season long, but on Monday, they were outhustled and outplayed by the flailing Philadelphia 76ers for almost a full 48 minutes.Just as the Nets looked on the verge of making moves up the postseason ladder, they took a step back with a 106-97 loss at Wells Fargo Center. They played better than we did,  Nets Coach P . J. Carlesimo seethed.  They played harder than we did. They played harder; they played better.
4	 Highlights From Hillary Clinton's Speech: Hillary Rodham Clinton speaks about advancing the role of women around the world at the Clinton Global Initiative .After a temporary tour as a lieutenant in President Obama's army, Hillary Rodham Clinton rejoined the Clinton family business on Thursday and went right to work on one of its main objectives: advancing the Clinton brand.Mrs. Clinton appeared alongside her husband, Bill Clinton, in a crowded ballroom here and left little doubt that she planned to reclaim the political stage she exited more than four years ago to become the nation's top diplomat.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Parents who pick up their children at the bus stop in this city's Harbor Gateway neighborhood say they often see men wearing GPS ankle bracelets and tell their children to stay away. Just up the street, 30 paroled sex offenders live in a single apartment building, including rapists and child molesters. More than 100 registered sex offenders live within a few miles.So local residents and city officials developed a plan to force convicted sex offenders to leave their neighborhood: open a tiny park.
4	  RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. — It was Leonore Annenberg's wish that the sumptuous winter home that she and her billionaire husband, Walter H. Annenberg, built in the Southern California desert would become, after their deaths,  Camp David West   for American presidents — a place both to relax and to parley with world leaders, preferably those from Pacific powers .And both Annenbergs, associates say, wanted their Sunnylands estate to shed its reputation as a retreat only for Republican elites.Now, nearly 11 years after Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — To its defenders, Intellectual Ventures is a revolutionary company unfairly viewed, in the words of its co-founder Peter N. Detkin,  as the poster child of everything that is wrong with the patent system.  To its critics, it is a protection racket otherwise known as a patent troll.Now the Obama administration and regulators are paying attention.This summer, the Federal Trade Commission is expected to begin a sweeping investigation of the patent system after the agency's chairwoman, Edith Ramirez, urged a crackdown.
1	 The level of the most important heat -trapping gas in the atmosphere, carbon dioxide, has passed a long-feared milestone, scientists reported Friday, reaching a concentration not seen on the earth for millions of years.Scientific instruments showed that the gas had reached an average daily level above 400 parts per million — just an odometer moment in one sense, but also a sobering reminder that decades of efforts to bring human-produced emissions under control are faltering.
0	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — Michal Handzus's nickname, Zus, does not refer to the Greek god, but he has seemingly been omnipresent for both teams in the Western Conference finals .Handzus centers the Chicago Blackhawks' second line and has been a mainstay on their playoff-leading penalty kill . He also played four seasons in Los Angeles and had a significant role in the formative years of a Stanley Cup champion . He really left his imprint on a lot of the players that are with L.A.
4	 Young Voters More Partisan, Poll Says: Young voters have become less idealistic and more partisan, according to a new poll conducted by Harvard University's Institute of Politics. WASHINGTON — Andy Welsh of Portland, Ore., was so enthusiastic about President Obama 's first run for the White House that he voted absentee while spending a semester abroad in Spain. But Mr. Welsh, now 26 and an aspiring diplomat, said the gridlock in Washington has been  a real bummer ever since. Katie Hermann, 29, a corporate strategist in Chicago, also supported Mr.
0	  CINCINNATI — For many seasons Rafa Nadal has arrived at the tail end of the tennis schedule with his knees creaking like two rusty gates and nursing the aches and pains that are payment for his action-packed style.But the Spaniard had no complaints as he glided into a news conference on Tuesday ahead of his opening-round match at the Western and Southern Open to discuss what has been a perfect start to the North American hardcourt campaign.
4	 MADISON, Wis. — A federal judge has extended a hold on part of a new Wisconsin law that requires abortion providers to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals, issuing an injunction that blocks the mandate for another four months. Judge William M. Conley of Federal District Court issued the order on Friday, stemming from a lawsuit that Planned Parenthood and Affiliated Medical Services filed in July. The organizations said the law would force a Planned Parenthood clinic in Appleton and an Affiliated Medical Services clinic in Milwaukee to close because abortion providers at both facilities lacked admitting privileges .
2	  Breaking Pointe,  a reality-television show about Ballet West, is breaking my heart.  So You Think You Can Dance  is as feckless as ever. And Amy Sherman-Palladino's wise, snappy  Bunheads  was canceled. When it comes to dance on television, the best move is to reach for the remote.While competition shows have become so embedded in pop culture that the idea of another season of Fox's  So You Think  is merely ignorable, the demise of  Bunheads,  which ran on ABC Family, is crushing.
1	  PALO ALTO, Calif. — Computers have entered the age when they are able to learn from their own mistakes, a development that is about to turn the digital world on its head.The first commercial version of the new kind of computer chip is scheduled to be released in. Not only can it automate tasks that now require painstaking programming — for example, moving a robot's arm smoothly and efficiently — but it can also sidestep and even tolerate errors, potentially making the term  computer crash  obsolete.
4	  WASHINGTON — As a possible government shutdown looms, environmental activists who oppose construction of the Keystone XL pipeline say they are increasingly alarmed that the project might become a bargaining chip in last-minute negotiations between Republicans and President Obama to avert a fiscal crisis .If built, the,700-mile pipeline would carry millions of gallons of crude oil from Alberta in Canada to American refineries on the Gulf Coast . Because it crosses an international border, the pipeline requires approval by Mr. Obama's administration after a review by the State Department . Mr.
2	 Set in 1915 on the Côte d'Azur, where Renoir (Michel Bouquet, crippled with arthritic pain, lived out his final years, the gorgeous film visualizes the world as observed by an enfeebled artist who is kept alive by his obsession with how the skin of a beautiful woman absorbs light.The movies were still in their infancy when this film takes place, four years before Renoir's death, at. As the art form matured, French cinema in particular inherited Renoir's fascination with the radiance and mutability of the flesh and the mysteries in the folds and textures of the female form.
2	  PARK CITY, Utah — It was almost exactly one year ago that Quvenzhané Wallis, the star of   Beasts of the Southern Wild,  made her bad little self known to the world. After the premiere of the movie here at the Sundance Film Festival, Ms. Wallis, then, took to the stage with her cast mates and film crew. She received a standing ovation . Handed a mike, she introduced herself and announced,  I like to have a party !  Cue the hearts melting of,300 audience members .
3	  WASHINGTON — The decision by Federal Reserve officials last month to continue the stimulus campaign came down to this: their anxiety that the economy might falter outweighed their anxiety that waiting to pull back would surprise and confuse investors .The mounting fiscal crisis in Washington suggests that some months will pass before the Fed will have cause to reconsider.The Fed came close to sounding a retreat in September, according to an official account of its meeting published Wednesday . Officials were united that the bond-buying campaign begun last year had produced the desired improvement in job growth .
1	 An aggressive species of ant may be losing ground in North America to a more aggressive — and potentially dangerous — species, according to a new study.Argentine ants long ago established dominance in many parts of the continent, thanks to their ability to form  super colonies  consisting of thousands of ants. But the species seems to have met its match in the Asian needle ant, which was observed stealing turf from the Argentine ant over four years in a North Carolina office park.
2	  Betas  represents such an amalgam of digital story lines — it's about a Silicon Valley start-up, and it's bankrolled and hosted by an Internet behemoth, Amazon — that it's tempting to review it as if it were a new app rather than an online comedy . Such as: While it lacks some features found in big-budget television sitcoms, and it can be glitchy when it comes to racial and sexual humor, it provides a better user experience than a majority of online series. A solid three-and-a-half stars.
2	 We're lousy with Sherlock Holmeses right now: the Robert Downey Jr . version on the big screen, the competing television interpretations of Benedict Cumberbatch ( Sherlock ) and Jonny Lee Miller ( Elementary ) and all the Holmes-inspired geniuses in current and recent TV shows like  The Mentalist,   Psych,   House  and  Monk.  So  The Seven-Per-Cent Solution,  released this week in a new Blu-ray and DVD package, enters a crowded market .But its Sherlock deserves special consideration because he's the father of all those modern Holmeses.
3	  Home prices rose in November, climbing more than 5 percent from a year ago, in the biggest increase since August, when the housing market was just starting to collapse.A separate economic report issued Tuesday, on consumer confidence in the United States, held less encouraging data, with moods falling to their lowest level in more than a year as Americans grew more pessimistic about the economic outlook and their financial prospects. In the latest sign that the housing sector is on the mend, the Standard & Poor's/Case Shiller composite index of home prices in 20 metropolitan areas gained.
4	  The latest New York Times / CBS News poll is based on,606 telephone interviews conducted Dec. 4 through Dec. 15 with adults throughout the United States .To represent the general population, 1,000 respondents were interviewed Dec. 5 through, and they included 895 with health coverage and 96 without. An additional 606 respondents without health insurance were interviewed Dec. 4 through Dec. 15. Interviews were in English or Spanish.SSRS of Media, Pa., conducted sampling, screening, interviewing and tabulation for the survey.
0	 MADRID — Rafa Nadal started playing with balls before he could walk and in his formative years liked soccer just as much as tennis, his grandmother Isabel Homar told Spanish radio on Wednesday.Speaking to Cadena Ser from the island of Mallorca where Nadal is from, Homar said the world number two, who beat top-ranked Novak Djokovic to win his second U.S. Open title on Monday,  always liked anything that was round. He started playing with balls in the hallway of his home before he learned to walk,  Homar said, adding things often got broken by accident.
4	  PHILADELPHIA — Through four weeks, prosecutors have laid out evidence against Dr. Kermit Gosnell, a Philadelphia abortion provider on trial on charges of killing seven viable fetuses by  snipping  their necks with scissors and of causing the death of a pregnant 41-year-old woman during a procedure.The grisly details drew mainly local attention. But after an online furor that the case was being ignored by the national news media because of troubling accounts of late-term abortions, reporters from major newspapers and television networks descended Monday on the Court of Common Pleas.
2	 Over the course of his prominent career, the German composer Karlheinz Stockhausen took on myriad guises. To the European postwar establishment, he was an enfant terrible, embracing the objective rigor of total serialism and the uncharted vistas of electronic music and happenings. For adventurous jazz and rock musicians like Miles Davis, the Beatles and Frank Zappa, he was a Promethean figure who delivered unto the world techniques for fashioning mind-altering sounds.
3	 The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, the country's first regional system for capping carbon emissions and creating a market in carbon allowances, proposed a fundamental change on Thursday to increase electrical utilities' incentive to cut emissions from fossil-fuel plants by raising the cost of compliance.The regional group proposed a 45 percent reduction next year in the total carbon dioxide emissions allowed. The cut is not as draconian as that number suggests, however, because the new total of 91 million tons reflects the current emissions level after five years of a slumping economy and increases in renewable energy and energy-efficiency measures.
0	 The lasting impression from the Yankees ' recent spring training will surely be that of Brian Cashman, the general manager, sitting in a wheelchair, leaning on a scooter or trudging about on crutches while trying to reassemble and patch together the 2013 team.And like most of his injured star players, Cashman will carry his temporary disability into the regular season .
4	  SANTA FE, N.M. — Chile peppers are to New Mexico what oranges are to Florida, apples are to Washington and peanuts are to Virginia : a defining source of chest-thumping pride. It is also the state's official vegetable and the reason for such thing as the state's official question —   Red or green?  Chile peppers are a crop under assault, though — from foreign competitors like Mexico, where harvesting could cost less than one-third of what it costs in New Mexico.
3	  BRUSSELS — Cyprus reached a long-awaited bailout agreement early Saturday that puts some of the burden for shoring up the island's beleaguered economy on its bank depositors .The most contentious issue in months of negotiations was whether to force Cypriot depositors to take losses in order to make the country's debt more manageable. The Cypriot authorities had sought to head off any such initiatives on the grounds that they would do lasting damage to their financial services sector .
2	 On   The Stars (Are Out Tonight,  the new single from David Bowie's comeback album,  The Next Day,  one line jumps out:  We will never be rid of these stars.  In the video Mr. Bowie and the actress Tilda Swinton play an elderly couple persecuted by a pair of vampiric stars, who stalk them, invade their house and manipulate them like marionettes. But the song itself is less literal.
4	  LAS CRUCES, N.M. — Saying he was upholding New Mexico's Constitution — amended four decades ago to guarantee equal rights to all — a county clerk here began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples on Wednesday, magnifying a fight that could become one of the key issues in next year's elections for governor .
4	  WASHINGTON — As historians and journalists downgrade the legacy of President John F . Kennedy on the 50th anniversary of his death this week, ordinary citizens around the globe will remember a cherished figure.More than all but the greatest United States presidents — George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt — Kennedy is an icon of American political culture. Yet, as Jill Abramson, executive editor of The New York Times, observed recently, there has never been a major historical work on the Kennedy presidency, a contrast with significant presidents before him and even several who followed.
3	 I HAVE flown so much that most of my trips are routine. I'm either off to a concert or coming back from one. I'm actually very Zen-like when I fly. I just accept the delays since there's nothing I can do about it. But all the travel is great because I love seeing new places and meeting new people. Or, sometimes, seeing people I've known for a long time.I was going from Minneapolis back to Los Angeles and I was standing at the gate checking e-mails when someone walked up to me and grabbed my arm.
2	 Teen stardom is about being special: one kid's talent and dreams standing in for millions. But the adult world affords fewer favors. How former child stars transition into adulthood has evolved over the decades, but there's still no one true path to success.Invariably, though, there's a rupture, the moment in which the skin of youth is definitively molted. Of late, Miley Cyrus, 20, and Selena Gomez, who turned 21 on Monday, have each been pushing back in different ways — Ms. Gomez with her role in the film   Spring Breakers,  and Ms.
2	 ROME — There is a striking scene in  The Great Beauty,  Paolo Sorrentino 's luscious new film, in which Jep Gambardella, a perpetually amused, impeccably tailored blocked novelist, looks down on the hulking body of the Costa Concordia cruise ship, which has been lodged off the Tuscan coast since its captain all but sank it there nearly two years ago .The camera pans slowly along the horizon as Jep, played by Toni Servillo, surveys the ship, a larger-than-life metaphor for a career — and a country — run aground.
4	 McCOMB, Miss. — In the refined air of the United States Supreme Court, the questions posed by justices on Wednesday seemed so big as to be unanswerable: Are parts of the Voting Rights Act an unfair infringement on state sovereignty ? How different is the South these days from other regions, and from itself in bloody years past?Here in southwest Mississippi, those questions are as real and solid as the longleaf pines.A run-down brick house on this street was bombed by segregationists in the summer of; a few blocks away is a boarded-up supermarket that was bombed the same summer.
3	 The stock market ended slightly lower on Tuesday after reports of intensifying political turmoil in Egypt offset good news about the American economy . Stocks rose much of the day on positive news about car sales, manufacturing and home prices . But the major market indexes turned lower in the afternoon as hundreds of thousands of protesters demand that President Mohamed Morsi be ousted.The price of oil climbed close to $100 a barrel on concern that the crisis could disrupt the flow of crude oil from the region. It's more or less Egypt unrest,  said Sal L.
3	 GUANGZHOU, China — The first day of trading in what will be by far the largest carbon market in China started briskly on Thursday with pricing in line with expectations, as Beijing continued its drive to slow its rapid growth of heat -trapping emissions .The first trade on the China Emissions Exchange in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, was priced at 61 renminbi, or about, with the cement firm Hailuo buying,000 carbon permits from the new energy arm of the state-owned power producer Huadian Energy .
3	 Ticketmaster, trying to fight the computer tactics used by some of the most advanced ticket scalpers, has sued 21 people, accusing them of fraud and breach of copyright in circumventing the company's online security system to try to buy huge numbers of tickets.In the lawsuit, filed on Tuesday at United States District Court in Los Angeles, Ticketmaster accused Joseph Shalom, a producer of live entertainment events in New York, of being the central figure in a coordinated series of attempts over the last two years to obtain large numbers of tickets and resell them at a profit .
2	 Studio 6A, the Rockefeller Plaza home of NBC's   Late Night With Jimmy Fallon,  was filled with artificial smoke and laser lights when Bard and Vegard Ylvisaker arrived. These Norwegian brothers, who had spent the previous days traveling from Oslo to London to New York, did not seem to be particularly fazed as they surveyed their surroundings, which included a squad of dancers in fox masks and makeup, two long rows of full-length mirrors and a man dressed in a head-to-toe horse costume. It's absurd,  said Bard, who is, with a deadpan demeanor and long blond hair .
0	 LONDON — Arsenal fans waited a long time for a big summer signing and when the club smashed its transfer record on Mesut Ozil on deadline day the international break meant another delay before they could feast their eyes on him in club colours.The Germany international, signed from Real Madrid for 42 million pounds, was a huge coup for manager Arsene Wenger and after scoring in a World Cup qualifier in the Faroe Islands in midweek Ozil is set for his debut at Sunderland on Saturday.
3	  WASHINGTON — Jacob J. Lew began his first trip to Europe as Treasury secretary on Sunday, a four-city tour in which he is expected to try to persuade finance ministers to pursue a little more growth and a little less austerity to improve the economic fortunes of the Continent and the world. Growth is again at the top of the Obama administration's agenda as Mr. Lew meets over a 48-hour period with high-ranking leaders representing the European Union, Germany and France .
2	 Go to one of them — it doesn't matter which — and you'll probably come away thinking:  Two hours of cheesy hype with a few good jokes thrown in.  But go to a bunch and you might start to view them as artfully constructed character studies, poignant tableaus in which a central figure — the network — uses a facade of jokes and stardust to hide a mass of fears and insecurities. Dang it, these gaudy spectacles are actually small masterpieces in the best tears-of-a-clown tradition.
4	 A receiver overseeing the finances of Pennsylvania's distressed capital, Harrisburg, filed a detailed plan on Monday showing how the city will sell or lease assets and raise new revenue as it seeks to escape from a mountain of debt and restore financial stability .The receiver, William B. Lynch, said that the city would sell a municipal trash incinerator for $126 million to $132 million and that it would reap.5 million a year from the 40-year lease of 13 parking garages and lots to specific operators .
1	 How do you find a great place to eat? Referrals from trusted friends, or by following crowds to new hot spots ?Australasian gannets trust the wisdom of crowds, a new study reports.Mark E. Hauber, an animal behaviorist at Hunter College in New York, and his colleagues used video recordings and tiny GPS tags to trace the routes of birds in a large gannet colony in New Zealand. The researchers were trying to discover how the birds share information about sources of fish.
2	 This summer, a number of New York Times critics are writing about their cultural first crushes — the moments or works that prompted them to write about the arts. A new essay will arrive each week, paired with stories from readers who work within the given discipline about their own cultural epiphanies.This week, stories from six readers who work in dance. Previously we heard from readers who work in television and classical music ; in the coming weeks, we will explore the worlds of pop music, video games, visual art and more.
2	 If you believe in awards, you believe in importance, in hierarchies, in arcs of triumph that take you from the bottom to the top. An award says you matter. An awards show is not only a celebration of excellence, but also of people who believe in the system.For the most part, that is. The first YouTube Music Awards, which took place Sunday evening at Pier 36 in Manhattan and was streamed live on youtube .com, was something different.
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative Michele Bachmann, the Minnesota Republican whose status as a leading Tea Party voice in Congress has faded in the wake of a failed bid for president and a widening investigation into her campaign spending, said Wednesday that she would not seek re- election .Mrs. Bachmann, defiant as ever as she insisted that she would have won re- election had she tried, said the legal inquiries had nothing to do with her decision. She vowed to continue to fight for the principles she said she holds dear: religious liberty, traditional marriage, family values and opposition to abortion.
4	 FRESNO, Calif. — A fiery plane crash here decades ago that killed 32 people, most of them unidentified Mexican farmworkers, inspired a protest song by Woody Guthrie that has been performed by Bruce Springsteen, Joan Baez and Bob Dylan, among others. Yet here in the heart of the Central Valley, one of the most productive agricultural counties in the country, the story of that crash had been largely forgotten.
0	 When Mark Teixeira squeezed the final out of the Yankees ' last championship, in, he bolted across the diamond from first base. Teixeira would say later he had no plan for the celebration; he just took off, a spontaneous expression of joy. He was not trying to run toward Alex Rodriguez .Somehow, though, it made perfect sense that he did. From the moment he was welcomed into professional baseball, 20 years ago this week as the first overall pick in the amateur draft, Rodriguez has exerted a magnetic pull like no other player.
0	 Sunday's 26-26 tie at home against Minnesota should have put Green Bay's season on life support, and it would have but for the woeful performances turned in by Chicago (a 42-21 loss to St . Louis) and the Packers' Thanksgiving opponent . Detroit's stunning ineptitude — Matthew Stafford threw four interceptions in a 24-21 loss to Tampa Bay — was a bitter reminder that these are the Lions, despite their play in recent weeks .The N.F.C.
4	  HOUSTON — The scheduled execution next month of a Mexican national by the State of Texas threatens to damage relations between the United States and Mexico and complicate the ability of the United States to help Americans detained overseas, Secretary of State John F. Kerry has warned Texas officials .The Mexican, Edgar Arias Tamayo, 46, was convicted of shooting and killing a Houston police officer who was taking him to jail after a robbery in. Mr.
4	 A vice admiral who is second in command at the United States Strategic Command, which oversees nuclear war -fighting forces for the military, has been suspended amid an investigation into his possible involvement in illegal gambling, officials said on Saturday.The officer, Vice Adm. Timothy M. Giardina, is a highly decorated sailor with more than three decades in the Navy. The suspension occurred on Sept. 3, but was not announced publicly, said Capt. Pamela Kunze, the command's spokeswoman. Captain Kunze would not comment further on the circumstances surrounding the suspension, citing a continuing investigation by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service.
3	  PARIS — The French -American telecommunications equipment maker announced on Tuesday details of a major restructuring plan that includes,000 job cuts worldwide over the next two years.The strategy, which Alcatel-Lucent, the company, presented to its European workers council, is aimed at cutting fixed costs by 15 percent by the end of, an amount currently equivalent to 1 billion euros, or about.4 billion.
0	 Jim Boeheim is more than ready to start his 38th season at Syracuse . So are his No. 8 Orange.Four exhibition games in August and two more in early November at the end of an extended preseason camp have everybody looking forward to Friday night's season opener in the Carrier Dome against Cornell. I think everybody is anxious to play and start the season,  Boeheim said.  We've had pretty good preparation up until this point. I think we'll be ready to go Friday night .
1	 The genome of a young boy buried at Mal'ta near Lake Baikal in eastern Siberia some,000 years ago has turned out to hold two surprises for anthropologists.The first is that the boy's DNA matches that of Western Europeans, showing that during the last Ice Age people from Europe had reached farther east across Eurasia than previously supposed. Though none of the Mal'ta boy's skin or hair survives, his genes suggest he would have had brown hair, brown eyes and freckled skin.
2	 Attendance is down this season at the Metropolitan Opera, and officials there acknowledge that the fault is their own. They made going to the opera too expensive.So in a rarity in the rarefied world of the performing arts, the Met said it would reduce ticket prices next season. The average cost of admission will drop by 10 percent, or to $156 from, Peter Gelb, the general manager, said in a recent interview.
2	 They are in their early 20s, trained at one of the world's most prestigious ballet companies, and they now confront a cold new world: the competitive, often precarious and very much nonsubsidized American dance scene.In one of the larger such group defections, seven young members of the National Ballet of Cuba split from their troupe during a tour in Mexico in recent weeks and have made their way to the United States .The dancers are members of the corps de ballet, a company spokesman in Cuba said on Thursday, confirming the defections .
0	  CHICAGO — For eight and two-thirds innings Wednesday night, the Yankees appeared to have regained some sense of normalcy. Alex Rodriguez, they found out, will likely be with them for the rest of the season after appealing his 211-game suspension for violating baseball's drug policy . The offense finally showed signs of stirring, and C. C. Sabathia delivered his best outing in a month. The Yankees had a one-run lead with the stalwart closer Mariano Rivera in to pitch the ninth inning .
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.03 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.04 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.12 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
4	  I am pleased to announce that the Washington Monument as well as the entire federal government will be open for business,  Mr. Obama said.The president was paying tribute to an old saw in the capital that rises like the famous obelisk whenever contested budget cuts loom: the monument, a symbol of American might and freedom, will be shuttered if federal dollars are not restored.
3	 EVEN if we grade on a very generous curve, many Americans flunk when it comes to financial literacy . Consider this three-item quiz:• Suppose you had $100 in a savings account and the interest rate was 2 percent a year. After five years, how much do you think you would have if you left the money to grow? More than, exactly $102 or less than?• Imagine that the interest rate on your savings account was 1 percent a year and that inflation was 2 percent.
4	 SEATAC, Wash. — After weeks of ballot counting, elections officials said on Tuesday that voters in this small city south of Seattle had in fact approved by 77 votes the highest municipal minimum wage in the nation, $15 an hour, more than twice the federal minimum .But the battle is not over. A group opposing the measure said it would immediately ask for a hand recount, and a lawsuit by business groups is still going forward in state court .
1	 HOMESTEAD, Fla. — The robot gently grabbed the door handle and pulled it open. But before it could shuffle through the frame, it lost its grip and the spring-loaded door slammed shut.Team Schaft, an elite group of former Tokyo University roboticists whose company was recently acquired by Google, is one of the favorites to win the Pentagon's Darpa Robotics Challenge 2013 Trials. But in its first event on Friday, the team's 4-foot, 210-pound Schaft HRP-2 robot was not perfect.
4	 A judge on the nation's intelligence court directed the government on Friday to review for possible public release the court's classified opinions on the National Security Agency 's practice of collecting logs of Americans' phone calls . Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV issued the opinion in a response to a motion filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, saying such a move would add to  an informed debate  about privacy and might even improve the reputation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court on which he sits.
4	 GALESBURG, Ill. — In a week when he tried to focus attention on the struggles of the middle class, President Obama said in an interview that he was worried that years of widening income inequality and the lingering effects of the financial crisis had frayed the country's social fabric and undermined Americans' belief in opportunity. Upward mobility, Mr. Obama said in a 40-minute interview with The New York Times,  was part and parcel of who we were as Americans.  And that's what's been eroding over the last, 30 years, well before the financial crisis,  he added.
1	 An image taken from a video of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo as it took off on Monday for its first supersonic flight.MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) — Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo has made its first powered flight, breaking the sound barrier in a test over the Mojave Desert that moves the company closer to its goal of flying paying passengers on brief hops into space. It couldn't have gone more smoothly,  said Sir Richard Branson, who owns the spaceline with Aabar Investments PJC of Abu Dhabi .A special twin-fuselage jet carrying SpaceShipTwo took off at about:00 a.m.
3	  General Motors and Honda will develop and share a hydrogen fuel cell for vehicles they would produce around the end of the decade, the automakers announced on Tuesday.Speaking in Manhattan, G.M.'s vice chairman, Stephen Girsky, and the president of American Honda, Tetsuo Iwamura, said that by collaborating on a common design and components, they would lower costs and reduce development time.They said they would also work with energy suppliers and state and local governments to expand the network of hydrogen refueling stations, a critical element in fostering consumer acceptance of fuel-cell vehicles.
3	 The composite purchasing managers index compiled by Markit Economics, a data and analysis firm, came in at.5 in October, above the.0 mark that signals expansion. While that is a slight deceleration from September's.2 showing, it was the fourth consecutive month in positive territory .The growth trend is a  modest  one, Chris Williamson, Markit's chief economist, noted, but  the expansion is reassuringly broad-based across the region, reflecting signs of economic recoveries becoming more entrenched in the periphery as well as ongoing expansion in Germany and stabilization in France.
2	 The weather in much of the United States is finally beginning to warm up, but on television things are getting noticeably colder. A burst of new and returning reality series seem intent on leaving us envious of, or in awe of, or terrified for, those who live where the wind blows cold almost year-round.On Sunday the National Geographic Channel begins the 10-part  Ultimate Survival: Alaska,  which plunks eight men into remote parts of the state and gives them 72 hours to make their way to a spot where a bush plane will extract them.
4	 The death of Frank R. Lautenberg on Monday has left Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey with the kind of opportunity that politicians usually covet: the chance to give away a seat in the United States Senate . But the decision is fraught with pitfalls, none bigger than having to choose between improving his party's fortunes in Washington and furthering his own political ambitions at home.Mr.
4	 Under fierce questioning from Republicans at a hearing in the House of Representatives, the top Obama administration official in charge of immigration enforcement insisted Tuesday that the release of more than,200 immigrants from detention in February was solely a budgetary savings measure, and he disputed accusations that they had included many dangerous criminals .But the official, John T. Morton, the director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, acknowledged to the House Judiciary Committee that about two dozen of the immigrants had since been returned to detention.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama issued pardons on Friday to 17 convicted felons, making the first use of his clemency powers in his second term. Their offenses were largely small-scale crimes many years ago, and 12 of the people had not been sentenced to serve time in prison. As he has in past years, the president granted these individuals clemency because they have demonstrated genuine remorse and a strong commitment to being law-abiding, productive citizens and active members of their communities,  said Matt Lehrich, a White House spokesman.
0	 AMES, Iowa — Brynn Williamson scored a career-high 21 points and 17th-ranked Iowa State beat No. 21 Iowa 83-70 Thursday night for its best start in 12 years.Jadda Buckley had 19 points and Hallie Christofferson scored 18 with 14 rebounds for the Cyclones, who are 9-0 for the first time since starting 12-0 in. Iowa State also improved to 9-0 at home against the Hawkeyes under coach Bill Fennelly. Iowa (10-2) came in with the Big Ten's top offense. But the Hawkeyes had just 20 free-throw tries compared to 49 for Iowa State .
4	  DENVER — Call him the gunman. Call him the killer or the perpetrator, the defendant or the assailant. Only, the survivors urge, do not say his name.This is the new plea after another shooting has upended a community in suburban Denver and turned a high school into a bloody crime scene . As people grope for responses, many families of victims and law enforcement officials have begun urging journalists and public officials to avoid using the gunmen's names and photos in public.For families, it is a small way to fight back.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — The mystery of who shot and killed two prosecutors this year clouded life in this rural county southeast of Dallas for more than two months, with investigators delving into possible leads that led to white-supremacist groups and Mexican drug cartels .But in the end, it apparently came down to a bitter local grudge. A former justice of the peace whose legal and political career collapsed in a hard-fought legal battle was accused Wednesday of killing the two prosecutors, who had been his courtroom rivals .
1	 Gray wolves, whose packs now prowl through the northern Rockies and the forests along the Great Lakes, no longer need endangered-species protection to prevent their extinction, the Obama administration said Friday.The Fish and Wildlife Service unveiled a proposal to eliminate the remaining restrictions across the country, saying wolves are flourishing again. The only populations to have protection, under the proposal, would be Mexican wolves in southern Arizona and New Mexico and a small experimental population in North Carolina .The announcement by Daniel M.
3	 BERLIN — Germans sleep better, Bismarck once said, when they don't know how sausages and laws are made.A century and a half later, Chancellor Angela Merkel seems to be modeling an election campaign on the musings of Bismarck, the  Iron Chancellor.  She is avoiding detailed discussion of what she would do with a third term, emphasizing instead her personal appeal over policy prescriptions .In five weeks, Germans will vote in what has been billed as the most important election of the year in Europe, a continent struggling to emerge from years of financial and economic crisis .
0	  ST . PETERSBURG, Fla. — Jason Bourgeois hit an RBI single to cap Tampa Bay's two-run rally in the ninth inning and the Rays ended a six-game losing streak, beating the Seattle Mariners 5-4 Wednesday night .The Rays trailed 4-3 when Ben Zobrist opened the ninth with a triple off the top of the right-field wall against rookie Danny Farquhar. Matt Joyce singled to tie it, Evan Longoria doubled and Will Myers was intentionally walked to load the bases . Bourgeois singled to right over the Mariners' drawn-in outfield.Joel Peralta (2-5) pitched one inning.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama plans to nominate Senator Max Baucus, the Montana Democrat and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, as his next ambassador to China, according to three officials familiar with the pending announcement.Mr. Baucus, the chief Capitol Hill architect of Mr. Obama's health care overhaul, had already decided not to seek re- election next year. He has served six terms and is Montana's longest-serving senator . He said in a recent interview that he was not certain of his plans, but was looking forward to  a whole new adventure, a whole new chapter.
0	 LONDON — No matter how much the FIFA hierarchy discredits its own tournament, players everywhere would give everything to reach a World Cup .Many of those players are in the last-chance saloon. Mexicans and Uruguayans and Englishmen must win qualifying games on Friday, and win again on Tuesday, or their nations might be left behind when the World Cup begins in Brazil next June.There are 10 African countries left, and just five places to play for. They meet, this month and next, in home-and-away pairings, winners take all.Among those African players, Egyptians might already stand proudest.
1	 Photographs by A. Sharma, above right, and from top to bottom, at left, Jinfu Shu, R. E. Cohen and D. G. Isaak, M. Somayazulu and Yue MengWASHINGTON — In a recurring comic bit, David Letterman used to place household items — a plate of jelly doughnuts, a six-pack of beer — in an 80-ton hydraulic press, gleefully watching as the items squirted, exploded and disintegrated.That was but a light touch compared with the pressures Russell J. Hemley and his colleagues exert on molecules at the Carnegie Institution for Science here.
0	 PARIS — If Novak Djokovic is to be believed then Mahesh Bhupathi has lit the touchpaper for a revolution in tennis.The Indian doubles specialist is the driving force behind the International Premier Tennis League (IPTL, launched earlier this week to great fanfare with a dazzling list of top-rank players already signed up. World number one Djokovic will be joined in the inaugural edition, scheduled for December, by 11-times grand slam winner Rafa Nadal and U.S. Open holder Andy Murray . Retired grand slam champions Pete Sampras and Carlos Moya will also take part.
4	  WASHINGTON – For months, as gun control advocates and gun rights groups have held competing rallies, senators have debated and President Obama has implored Congress to act, one key player, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, has remained largely on the sidelines of the national debate over guns.Now that the debate has moved to the Senate floor, the spotlight returns to Mr. Reid.Mr.
0	  BRUSSELS — Royal Antwerp have appointed former Chelsea striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink as their new manager, the second- tier Belgian club said in a statement on Wednesday. This is a fantastic club that has been underachieving for several years,  Hasselbaink told the club website (www.rafc.be.  Our first goal is to challenge for promotion and build from there. The 41-year-old Dutchman was on the coaching staff at English Championship (second tier ) club Nottingham Forest until January but Royal Antwerp will be his first management job.
3	 LONDON — In a first attempt to retrieve some of its losses, the Tuscan lender Monte dei Paschi di Siena sued Deutsche Bank and Nomura on Friday over certain financial transactions that went bad.The Italian bank filed two separate lawsuits at the civil court in Florence a day after receiving.1 billion, or.3 billion, in government funds as part of a bailout . Monte dei Paschi said it was also suing Antonio Vigni, the bank's former chief executive, and Giuseppe Mussari, its former chairman, because of their involvement in the deals.
3	 After a decade of legal battles, the three major credit card companies are backing away from longstanding policies that prevented merchants from charging customers extra for paying with plastic.Developments in two cases in the last week have the potential to change pricing practices everywhere from big box retailers to corner coffee shops — but whether they actually do remains to be seen.On Thursday, a group of small and midsize businesses reached a settlement agreement with American Express in a class-action lawsuit.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Carl Levin, a liberal fixture in the Senate and in Michigan, which he has served since, said Thursday that he planned to retire, saying he would spend the next two years focusing on legislative business and not campaigning. This decision was extremely difficult,  he said in a statement,  because I love representing the people of Michigan in the U.S. Senate and fighting for the things that I believe are important to them. In speaking with his wife, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — For months, the Obama administration has heralded the low premiums of medical insurance policies on sale in the insurance exchanges created by the new health law. But as consumers dig into the details, they are finding that the deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs are often much higher than what is typical in employer-sponsored health plans .Until now, it was almost impossible for people using the federal health care website to see the deductible amounts, which consumers pay before coverage kicks in.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — Manufacturing expanded at the slowest rate in three months in March, suggesting the economy lost some momentum at the end of the first quarter as the effects of tighter fiscal policy started kicking in.Data so far had shown little sign that higher taxes and the $85 billion in across-the- board government spending cuts that took effect March, known as the sequester, had weighed on economic activity .
3	 As chief executive of the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, most of my travel now involves meetings with retailers to bring their brands here, and organizations to bring their conventions here.On the gaming side, I do go and meet with customers . When I was starting out in my career, I worked nonstop on flights. Now, I may work a little bit, but really use the flight to relax. I mean, no one can get to me and that alone time is great, just to think, or to be honest, take a nap.I'm not a nervous flier.
1	 James E. Hansen, the climate scientist who issued the clearest warning of the 20th century about the dangers of global warming, will retire from NASA this week, giving himself more freedom to pursue political and legal efforts to limit greenhouse gases .His departure, after a 46-year career at the space agency's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in Manhattan, will deprive federally sponsored climate research of its best-known public figure.At the same time, retirement will allow Dr. Hansen to press his cause in court .
3	 Japan's investigation of a battery that was smoking on a Boeing 787 flight there last month has not yet determined if the incident started in the same way as a fire on another 787 in Boston, a Japanese official said Friday.Akinobu Yokoyama, a spokesman for Japan's Transport Safety Board, said it was still not clear whether a short-circuit or other malfunction occurred within one or more of the eight cells in the new lithium-ion battery .
0	 PARIS — Men to watch at the French Open, where play begins Sunday:Topspin: Trying to become the eighth man with a career Grand Slam ; calls the French Open the most important tournament of the year for him. ... A year ago, came to Paris with three consecutive major titles, seeking to be the first man since Rod Laver in 1969 to win four in a row, and made debut in final before losing to Rafael Nadal . ... Reached at least the semifinals in four of the past six years at Roland Garros .
4	 A bill advancing through the Texas Legislature could drastically decrease the number of legal abortion facilities in the state . Supporters of Senate Bill, which would increase regulations for abortion facilities, say it will improve women's safety. But abortion rights advocates say that the bill is a thinly veiled effort to close 37 of the state's 42 abortion facilities, and that it would reduce women's access to legal abortion .
3	 AN advertising agency is rewriting a lyric of  New York, New York  to proclaim,  If I can make it anywhere, I'll make it there. Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, a leading agency with headquarters in San Francisco, is opening an office in New York. The office, temporarily located at 7 World Trade Center, gives Goodby, Silverstein, which was founded in, a New York presence for the first time.
0	  FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Tom Brady knows it will take a while to get in sync with his rookie receivers . Meanwhile, he keeps winning.The 14-year veteran threw a 39-yard touchdown pass to one of those newcomers, hitting a wide-open Aaron Dobson on the game's first series before both offenses played as sloppily as the second-half weather, and the New England Patriots got by the New York Jets 13-10 on Thursday night .Thirteen of Brady's 19 completions went to veteran Julian Edelman, who knew the offense better than the three rookie wide receivers .
4	 NEW YORK — She comes from a key district in North Texas, has a slow twang, battle scars and ferocity of spirit, and after one drama -filled day in the bitter abortion fight in the Texas Legislature, Wendy Davis has become a national political star and charismatic new face of women's rights .For 11 hours, in a midday-to-midnight filibuster, Ms. Davis, a Fort Worth Democrat, held forth on the floor of the State Senate last month against a Republican bill severely limiting abortion.
4	  LOS ANGELES — When Congress passed President Obama's health care overhaul, a critical compromise provision was that immigrants living in the United States illegally would not be allowed access to publicly subsidized health insurance . Even now, as lawmakers in Washington are debating an overhaul of immigration laws, leaders from both parties are arguing that no federal money should be spent on health care for immigrants on their way to obtaining citizenship.But not in California, where there are an estimated .6 million illegal immigrants .
3	 It was a familiar scene for Martha Stewart 's day in court : photographers camped at the back and front entrances of a Manhattan courthouse, members of the news media lining up for seats, spectators buzzing about what she might say.Nine years after being sentenced to prison for lying about a stock sale, Ms. Stewart took the stand on Tuesday in New York State Supreme Court in a very different trial, this one concerning which retailers have the right to sell her sheets, towels and other home goods .Ms.
3	  Stocks changed little on Monday, pausing after hitting highs last week, though strength in health care shares helped keep declines in check. The Dow Jones industrial average ended down.81 points, or.18 percent, at,091.68. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was very slightly up, by.07 point, at,633.77. The Nasdaq composite index was up.21 points, or.06 percent, at,438.79.The S.& P. 500 health care sector climbed.7 percent and was the day's best performer.Shares of the biopharmaceutical company Theravance jumped.9 percent, to.
2	 David Dorfman Dance is plunging with abandon into themes of time, memory and fear in  Come, and Back Again,  which comments on matters like the eccentricities of family life, the resilience of the human spirit and what Mr. Dorfman calls  the beauty of our personal messes.  For the elaborate production, the Brooklyn sculptor Jonah Emerson Bell has designed a large wall, built from refuse, personal mementos and found objects, on which portraits by Caledonia Curry will be projected.
4	  Wal-Mart, the nation's largest retailer, will announce Tuesday a plan to hire every veteran who wants a job, provided that the veterans have left the military in the previous year and did not receive a dishonorable discharge .The announcement, to be made in a speech in New York by William S. Simon, the president and chief executive of Wal-Mart U.S., represents among the largest hiring commitments for veterans in history.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration released hundreds of pages of newly declassified documents related to National Security Agency surveillance late Monday, including an 87-page ruling in which the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court first approved a program to systematically track Americans' emails during the Bush administration . The raw volume of the proposed collection is enormous,  wrote Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, who was then the chief judge on the secret surveillance court .
1	  Low-cost 3-D plastic printers can produce almost anything, from clothes and toys to household items and furniture.Now, researchers from Michigan Technological University say they have developed an affordable 3-D metal printer.For years, large companies have used metal printers to make items like automobile parts and titanium body implants, said Joshua Pearce, a materials scientist at Michigan Tech who led the research and wrote about it in the journal IEEE Access. Those printers are awesome, but they start at a half a million dollars and go up,  he said.The researchers' 3-D metal printer cost less than,500.
1	 As unlikely as this may sound, we have lucked out in recent years when it comes to global warming .The rise in the surface temperature of earth has been markedly slower over the last 15 years than in the 20 years before that. And that lull in warming has occurred even as greenhouse gases have accumulated in the atmosphere at a record pace.The slowdown is a bit of a mystery to climate scientists . True, the basic theory that predicts a warming of the planet in response to human emissions does not suggest that warming should be smooth and continuous.
4	 WILLIAMSBURG, Va. — Gathered for a retreat to map out how to manage coming confrontations with President Obama and Congressional Democrats, often combative House Republicans seemed on Thursday to be looking for a quick way out of one imminent fight. Representative Paul D . Ryan of Wisconsin, the Republicans' former vice-presidential nominee and an influential party voice on fiscal policy, said Thursday that Republicans were considering allowing a short-term extension of the federal debt limit of a month or so to foster more discussion about spending cuts .
4	  LOS ANGELES — The first year of skirmishes in state legislatures over bills that would govern the use of cheaper versions of expensive biotechnology drugs is nearly over. Health insurers and generic drug companies have prevailed in most states over brand-name pharmaceutical companies .Their latest victory came in dramatic fashion on Saturday, when Gov . Jerry Brown of California vetoed a bill that had passed both houses of the legislature with overwhelming bipartisan support, but that critics said would limit the use of less expensive drugs.With billions of dollars in sales at stake, the fighting is expected to continue.
0	 (Reuters) - The United States capped off a dominant tournament with a 1-0 victory over Panama to capture the CONCACAF Gold Cup on Sunday. Brek Shea broke through with the only goal of the game in the second half to give the United States their first Gold Cup title since 2007 and make up for back-to-back defeats to Mexico in the last two finals.While they were thrilled with the result, the Americans hope it is also a springboard to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil .
2	  WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — John Goldwyn's grandfather was the G in MGM. His father, a producer, gave Julia Roberts her big break in  Mystic Pizza.  His brother, an actor, is currently playing the president on ABC's  Scandal. As royal Hollywood families go, the Goldwyns are the real deal .But success in the movie business is no cinch, even for a prince. John Goldwyn started as a mail room attendant, climbed all the way to vice chairman at Paramount Pictures, where he helped deliver Oscar winners like  Forrest Gump,  and then — kerplunk.
3	  BRUSSELS — The top European economics official warned Italy and Spain on Friday that they risked missing important debt and deficit targets in the first such review of national budget plans for 13 countries in the euro zone .The announcement, by Olli Rehn, the European Union's commissioner for economic and monetary policy, is part of an effort to stave off the kind of fiscal problems that fed a crisis that nearly destroyed the euro .The reviews, conducted before budgets are approved by national parliaments, represent a change in the way the euro area is governed.
3	  HONG KONG — Los Angeles has film studios and the best-known movie industry award ceremonies. Orlando has amusement parks and resort hotels . Now, one of China's richest men wants to copy them with a movie -themed real estate development in his country's most fashionable beach city.Wang Jianlin, who is chairman of Dalian Wanda Group and reputed to be China's wealthiest investor, announced plans on Sunday for the Qingdao Oriental Movie Metropolis. Costing from.9 billion to.2 billion, it would encompass film studios, resort hotels, an indoor amusement park, movie theaters with up to,000 seats and even a hospital.
2	 David O. Selznick's much-publicized search for the star of  Gone With the Wind  culminated in early 1939 when he presented to the world one Vivien Leigh.Or, rather, presented to most of the world: Leigh (1913-67) had spent the previous four years building up a reputation in Britain as a promising young screen actress. Her body of work on film ended up truncated for various reasons, including regular returns to the stage and, less happily, repeated bouts of bipolar disorder and tuberculosis.
0	 The Los Angeles Dodgers' clubhouse feels odd to an outsider, with so many famous names and faces better known for starring elsewhere. From Zack Greinke to Brandon League, Hanley Ramirez to Carl Crawford, Adrian Gonzalez to Josh Beckett — the names read like the draft board in a fantasy league .It might just work, though. The Dodgers, flush with cash as they approach their first opening day under new ownership, have cornerstones from the farm system in Matt Kemp and Clayton Kershaw, and promising international prospects in Yasiel Puig and Hyun-Jin Ryu .
1	 In 1799 the great naturalist Alexander von Humboldt and his companions set out from Caracas, Venezuela, to climb the Andes. They struggled up a mountainside enveloped in mist so thick they had to clamber over rocks by hand. When the fog cleared, von Humboldt was left astonished by the view. Vast grasslands stretched all around him, home to an astonishing number of different trees, shrubs and flowers. Nowhere, perhaps, can be found collected together, in so small a space, productions so beautiful and so remarkable in regard to the geography of plants,  he later wrote.
4	  INDIANAPOLIS — For Glenda Ritz, who took office as Indiana's top education official this year, the awkward reality of being the lone statewide elected Democrat here did not take long to blossom into all-out combat .Now her conflict with Gov . Mike Pence, a conservative former congressman, has become one of the most public and combative political fights to face his new administration .Ms. Ritz has accused the governor of creating a new education agency to undermine her office. Mr. Pence says that was not his aim.
4	  South Dakota became the first state in the nation to enact a law explicitly authorizing school employees to carry guns on the job, under a measure signed into law on Friday by Gov . Dennis Daugaard. Passage of the law comes amid a passionate nationwide debate over arming teachers, stoked after 20 first graders died in an elementary school shooting in Newtown, Conn., in December. Shortly afterward, the National Rifle Association proposed a plan for armed security officers in every school, and legislation to allow school personnel to carry guns was introduced in about two dozen states .
0	  ATLANTA — On Monday, Henrik Stenson beheaded his driver at the 18th hole and damaged a locker while venting over a, the sixth-worst final-round score at the BMW Championship .On Tuesday and Wednesday, he toured the East Lake Golf Club course for the first time ever, practicing the front side and merely strolling the back, then voiced concern about an aching left wrist .Frustration that results in destruction, unfamiliarity with the layout and soreness in a significant body part hardly add up to an ideal lead-in to the Tour Championship .
3	 That's a question investors are asking these days about an executive pay standard that companies rarely seem to use. We're talking about so-called clawback provisions allowing a company to retrieve compensation paid to executives who were later found to have grievously mismanaged or misbehaved.Clawback policies have been in investors' sights since the mid-2000s, after the accounting scandals at Enron and WorldCom. Shareholders began agitating for programs to retrieve pay if a company restated its earnings or uncovered embezzlement, bribery or other malfeasance.
0	  DES MOINES, Iowa — Cuban pitcher Misael Siverio told a Spanish-language newspaper he has defected to the United States and is going to try to make it to the major leagues .Siverio was part of the Cuban national team that traveled to Iowa for an exhibition game against a collegiate all-star team from the U.S. But he apparently left the delegation at some point after it arrived in Des Moines on Tuesday afternoon .
1	 The typhoon that struck the Philippines this month prompted questions about a possible link between natural disasters and a warming planet. Delegates at the United Nations talks in Warsaw on a global climate treaty were quick to make the connection. And the head of the United Nations' meteorological agency cited Australia's severe summer heat and raised water levels around the Philippines as among the effects, reported ABC News . Still, most scientists remained cautious, saying there was not enough data to draw a direct connection.
3	 Certain workout- booster and fat-burning products, sold in recent years by retailers like GNC and Vitamin Shoppe, are illegal and may present serious health hazards to consumers, federal health regulators have determined.With names like Jack3d and OxyElite Pro, the popular products contain a stimulant known as dimethylamylamine, or DMAA for short. In a public warning late Thursday, the Food and Drug Administration said that the stimulant did not qualify as a legal dietary supplement ingredient and that it could raise blood pressure, potentially causing heart attacks and other health problems .
4	 NEW ORLEANS — For those who thought Anthony D. Weiner and Eliot Spitzer were finished in electoral politics after their scandals, who were surprised when they decided to run for office again, who were stunned when they took leads in the polls, who after all that still cannot quite imagine the thought of them winning, meet Charlie Melancon.Mr. Melancon, a former Democratic congressman, ran for the Senate in 2010 against David Vitter, a skilled politician, champion of conservative causes and also, as he acknowledged to the world in, someone who had committed a  very serious sin  involving prostitutes. Mr.
2	 Fall for Dance is giving audiences more to fall for. This annual celebration opens its 10th year on Sept. 25 at City Center, and heralding it are free performances hosted by the Public Theater at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park this week. Fall for Dance resembles the New York Dance Festival, which from the 1960s to the '80s regularly followed Shakespeare in the Park there.Four noted companies are making exuberant appearances. New York City Ballet presents Ulysses Dove's dynamic  Red Angels .  The Paul Taylor Dance Company works magic in Mr.
0	  PORTLAND, Ore. — Suzann Pettersen won the Safeway Classic for the second time in three years Sunday, taking advantage of playing partner Yani Tseng's final-round collapse at Columbia Edgewater.Three strokes behind leader Tseng entering the round, the third-ranked Pettersen closed with a 5-under 67 for a two- stroke victory over second-ranked Stacy Lewis .Pettersen finished at 20-under 268 for her 12th LPGA Tour victory. The 32-year-old Norwegian also won the LPGA Lotte in Hawaii in April and won a Ladies European Tour event in March in China . She won the 2011 tournament at Pumpkin Ridge.
2	 It should be chiseled above the doors of every symphony hall: What an orchestra plays matters as much as how it plays, if not more so.By that measure a strong case can be made that the Los Angeles Philharmonic, which is coming to Avery Fisher Hall on March 27 and, is the most important orchestra in the country. Its programming spends a daring amount of time in the modern and contemporary repertories.
3	  WASHINGTON — Each time in recent years that the Federal Reserve has paused in its efforts to stimulate the economy, it has come to regret the decision as premature. Its leading officials say the recovery has been slower as a consequence of those pauses. It is a mistake they do not want to repeat.When the Fed's policy-making committee meets on Tuesday and Wednesday, its members are likely to spend a lot of time talking about the potential costs of the current stimulus campaign. Then the Fed's chairman, Ben S.
3	  BRUSSELS — A dispute between Chinese and Indian airlines and Europe over greenhouse gas rules could be a precursor to broader international resistance to the European system at a global conference later this year in Montreal .Starting in late September, the International Civil Aviation Organization, a United Nations agency, will supervise discussions in the Canadian city, during which the European system is expected to meet severe criticism from many other nations .
3	  We're at a moment when cultural power is passing to new gatekeepers. Joe Esposito, a publishing consultant . Last week, Barnes & Noble lost its C.E.O. as its digital plans floundered, Random House officially merged with Penguin, and a federal judge strengthened Amazon's position by ruling that Applehad illegally conspired with publishers to try to raise e-book prices.Jonathan Miller, president of the Miller Samuel appraisal firm, talking about the Manhattan housing market . The inventory of apartments for sale in Manhattan has reached the lowest levels in at least 13 years.
3	 A BRAND born in 1919 is joining the parade of products hoping to define what it means to be a man today.Barbasol shaving cream, sold by Perio Inc., is to begin a cheeky campaign on Monday that carries the theme  Shave like a man.  The campaign includes commercials on television and radio ; advertisements online ; the Barbasol Web site, barbasol.com; promotional T-shirts with sayings that include  It's like America on your face; and a presence on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter .
2	  Does there really need to be another awards show?  Spike Jonze recently wondered aloud.  If there's going to be one, why? This was a reasonable sentiment that Mr. Jonze, the veteran director of music videos and feature films, happened to verbalize as he was overseeing a new music awards show.Relaxing in an upstairs office at Steiner Studios in Brooklyn, Mr. Jonze was taking a break on Tuesday afternoon from his duties as the creative director of the YouTube Music Awards, an online celebration of pop music and performers that will debut on Sunday.
4	  WASHINGTON — When President Obama barged into a meeting of leaders from Brazil, China, India and other countries at a climate conference in Copenhagen in December, he managed to extract a last-minute agreement to set a goal to limit the rise in global temperatures.It was the high-water mark of Mr. Obama's leadership on climate change — even if the deal was less than the Americans or Europeans wanted — but it has been downhill ever since. Preoccupied with other problems, the president largely disappeared from the global debate.Now he is trying to reclaim the spotlight.Mr.
2	  The Voice  has paid a lot of bills for NBC, but another good singing competition,  The Sing-Off,  never became a ratings juggernaut and was apparently dead at the end of its third season in. Then the network had a change of heart . It decided to bring  The Sing-Off  back this month for a two-week, seven-episode Season 4 and gave its premiere  The Voice  as a lead-in.That helped the premiere, which was Dec. 9, draw a respectable.
4	 While states are continuing to see modest progress in their struggle to dig out from the 2008 recession, the era of chronic budget instability and wholesale service cuts appears to have ended, according to a report released Tuesday by the National Association of State Budget Officers . The rate of revenue growth in, however, is expected to be significantly lower than in, the report said.Of particular concern to budget officers was a falloff in the taxes that states are projected to collect this fiscal year, said the executive director of the association, Scott Pattison. Growth is expected to be essentially flat.
0	  MIAMI — Jeff Mathis hit an early home run, then lined a tiebreaking double in the eighth inning that bounced off Giants center fielder Andres Torres and sent the Miami Marlins over San Francisco Giants 6-5 Sunday.It was 5-all in a back-and-forth game when Ed Lucas led off the eighth with a single against Sandy Rosario. With one out, Mathis hit a liner to left-center and the ball dropped in front of Torres' dive and caromed off him.Chad Qualls (4-1) pitched 1 1-3 scoreless innings and Steve Cishek worked the ninth for his 27th save in 29 chances.
3	 Just after his sophomore year at Yale in, Billy Parish stood before a rapidly retreating glacier in India that feeds the Ganges River, convinced that he had come face to face with climate change and that he had to do something about it.It did not take long. Back in the United States, he started a youth coalition that, within a few years, had mobilized thousands of people with similar environmental concerns . He never made it to his junior year at Yale.In the years since, Mr.
1	 A NASA official said Tuesday that engineers had resolved the latest problem with the Curiosity rover on Mars and that the laboratory-on-wheels should resume science operations this week after a three-week delay. We're back on track now,  said Richard Cook, the project manager for Curiosity at the space agency's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.Science observations by Curiosity, a.5 billion mission to explore Mars over two years, had been postponed since the end of February, when memory problems cropped up with one of the craft's two identical computers.
3	 An Eyewear Company's Simple Sell: The start-up Warby Parker is one of a number of new innovators that has decided to design, manufacture and sell its inexpensive products directly to its Web -savvy customers .When the founders of a start-up that sells eyeglasses online, Warby Parker, began investigating why designer glasses cost several hundred dollars, they discovered that everyone in the process was taking a cut: designers, manufacturers, brands, wholesalers and retailers .
4	  WASHINGTON — It was just a background conversation on the Acela train ride north on Thursday.Or so thought Michael V. Hayden, the former head of the National Security Agency, as he chatted away with three journalists who called him for comment on the recent reports of N.S.A. eavesdropping on the leaders of France and Germany .What Mr. Hayden did not realize was that a passenger a few seats away was doing some eavesdropping of his own.Tom Matzzie, a former Washington director of the political group MoveOn.org, was so intrigued by the tidbits he heard from Mr.
3	 Not long ago, Chevron 's exploration teams were stuck. Several years earlier they had struck oil at a place called Rosebank, 9,000 feet below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean west of Britain's Shetland Islands. But the usual seismic surveys could not make out the location of the field clearly enough for Chevron to decide where to place wells, which can cost $100 million or more apiece.So the teams placed 750 sensors on the sea bottom for a close-up scan, then crunched the huge reams of data with a supercomputer.
3	 Commercial building owners, even those who reduce their overall energy use, have long struggled to cut special power fees that are based on periods of highest demand .Now, SolarCity, the fast-growing solar installer, says it has found a solution, in the form of a battery system created with Tesla Motors .The system, to be announced on Thursday, includes batteries about the size of a small refrigerator and software that controls when a building's operations run on power from the solar array, the battery or the grid.
2	 To entice viewers who might be daunted by four hours of television devoted to the Constitution, PBS chose a host known for his comic touch with current events. Producers even put him on a specially decorated Harley-Davidson for jaunts around the country.Yet even before the show,  Constitution USA,  begins on Tuesday, controversy has intruded. In a late-April interview with Politico, that host, Peter Sagal — known for National Public Radio's weekly news quiz,  Wait, Wait... Don't Tell Me!  — equated the Constitution with Tinker Bell.
0	 Don Schulze is the pitching coach for the Midland RockHounds, a minor league affiliate of the Oakland Athletics, two rungs below the majors . In, after Schulze had gone 3-6 for the Cleveland Indians, Topps rewarded him with card No. 93 in its annual baseball card set.This would be mundane to almost everyone in a major league uniform now, but Pat Neshek is not like most players. Neshek, a sidearm Oakland relief pitcher, is trying to collect autographs on all 792 Topps cards from.
3	 Millions of people all but abandoned the market after the 2008 financial crisis, but now individual investors are pouring more money than they have in years into stock mutual funds . The flood, prompted by fading economic threats and better news on housing and jobs, has helped propel the broad market to within striking distance of its highest nominal level ever. You've got a real sea change in investor outlook,  said Andrew Wilkinson, the chief economic strategist at Miller Tabak Associates.While the rising market may lift the nation's collective spirits, it will not necessarily restore everyone's portfolios .
4	  Texas governors like Rick Perry have three primary sources of power .First is the bully pulpit — the ability to draw attention to a particular issue or cause, to get widespread media coverage, and to try to sway public opinion simply by saying things and being heard. Governors also have the power to appoint most of the people who run the executive branch . It's not a cabinet government, and it takes years for governors to put their own people on all of the state boards and commissions . But eventually the power of those alliances and appointments accumulates.Mr.
4	 In the months after his father's murder in early, those months stretching formlessly between the mourning ritual of shiva and the impending trial of a suspect, Rabbi Joel Mosbacher received many messages of solace. There was one type, however, that tested every atom of clerical forbearance he possessed. People said in this trying-to-be-helpful way, 'This will make you a better rabbi,'   Rabbi Mosbacher, 43, recalled.  And nothing made me angrier. I didn't want to be a better rabbi. I wanted my dad back.
2	 VIENNA — Any director who stages  La Fanciulla del West   has got to be tempted to tamper with its setting. Puccini based his opera on David Belasco's play,  The Girl of the Golden West,  about the blossoming of true love in a California mining town during the gold rush, circa.Yet golden or otherwise, the West is so deeply woven into the fabric of the opera that comparisons with Western imagery is inevitable.
3	  TOKYO — Sony is best known as a consumer electronics company, making PlayStation game consoles and televisions . And it loses money on almost every gadget it sells.Sony has made money making Hollywood movies and selling music. That profitable part of the business is what Daniel S. Loeb, an American investor and manager of the hedge fund Third Point, wants Sony to spin off to raise cash to resuscitate its electronics business .But as Mr.
1	  TOLEDO, Ohio — For those who live and play on the shores of Lake Erie, the spring rains that will begin falling here soon are less a blessing than a portent. They could threaten the very future of the lake itself. Lake Erie is sick. A thick and growing coat of toxic algae appears each summer, so vast that in 2011 it covered a sixth of its waters, contributing to an expanding dead zone on its bottom, reducing fish populations, fouling beaches and crippling a tourism industry that generates more than $10 billion in revenue annually.
4	  WASHINGTON — When executives from Cook Medical gathered last month to offer Representative Cheri Bustos a tour of their central Illinois medical equipment plant, they had good reason to expect a frosty reception from Ms. Bustos, a new Democratic congresswoman .Cook executives had backed Representative Bobby Schilling, her Republican opponent in last year's election for Illinois's 17th District seat, after he had joined with other House Republicans to push for the repeal of a new medical device tax imposed to pay for President Obama's health care law .
4	  Armed with what it says is new evidence of wrongdoing in the prosecution of Cameron Todd Willingham, the Innocence Project on Friday will ask Gov . Rick Perry to order the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles to investigate whether the state should posthumously pardon Mr. Willingham, whose 2004 execution has become a lightning rod of controversy over the Texas justice system.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Unlike certain 20th-century artists who found themselves miserable in Hollywood — F. Scott Fitzgerald comes to mind — George Balanchine was fond of the place in the 1930s.  He loved the orange groves, Romanoff's glamorous boîte and choreographing dances for movies .But after founding New York City Ballet with Lincoln Kirstein in, the man who changed America's dancescape became synonymous with the East Coast . Now, 30 years after his death, Mr. Balanchine is having another West Coast moment, through the prism of different ballet troupes.
3	 The question  What do you do for an encore?  may be asked after a hit almost as often on Madison Avenue as it is in Hollywood or on Broadway. No sooner does a popular advertising campaign conclude, it seems, than everyone begins to wonder what an appropriate follow-up or next step would be.The pitfalls of an encore that is considered to have fallen short of its predecessor are many.
3	 PARIS — The long and bitter fight between the fashion mogul Bernard Arnault and the Hermès luxury house, which has transfixed the French business world, is nearing a moment of decision.French securities regulators are set on Friday to lay out their case, the fruit of an inquiry of more than two years. They contend that Mr. Arnault worked by stealth, for more than a decade, in an unsuccessful attempt to muscle in on his smaller rival, adding more than $2 billion to his fortune in the process.Mr.
3	 COMBRIT, France — In a world of giant trawlers and fish-farming operations, Gwenaël Pennarun still sets out most days from this Breton village to catch sea bass the old-fashioned way, with baited hooks.It is a way of life, and work, that he hopes the European Union will continue to support, depending on a coming vote on its fishing policies.Early on a crisp and windy morning recently, Mr. Pennarun, 50, was a few miles offshore in the Bay of Biscay, hooking minnows and playing out several dozen long lines with an efficiency born of 30 years on the job.
0	 (Reuters) - Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o said he would quit the Cameroon national team for  family reasons  after a row with coach Volker Finke over team selection, despite helping his side to reach the final round of African qualification for the World Cup in Brazil .The 32-year-old, who also threatened to retire from international football in September 2012 before changing his mind, told team mates in the dressing room after Sunday's 1-0 home win over Libya that he was ending his 16-year career with the Indomitable Lions, according to French newspaper L'Equipe.
3	 PARIS — France should abandon its effort to unilaterally enact taxes on global Internet companies and should instead work at the international level to create a level playing field, according to a report from a government advisory committee .The introduction of a digital tax  would be both unrealistic and economically devastating,  the French Digital Council said in a report delivered to President François Hollande's government on Tuesday.Fleur Pellerin, the digital economy minister, asked the council in January to study tax policy for the digital economy .
4	 When Charles Parker registered as a sex offender in the small upstate town of Jonesville, S.C., he became a prospect on another man's kill list, the authorities say.Mr. Parker, 59, died this week at his home, shot in the neck and chest and then stabbed. His wife was also shot and stabbed.Sheriff's officials believe that the double murder in Jonesville, a one- square-mile town of about 900 residents, was not the byproduct of a botched drug deal or a home invasion . Rather, they suspect that Mr.
3	 A year ago, Coca-Cola teamed up with Spotify for what it described as a global marketing partnership, and last fall Coke participated in a $100 million financing round for Spotify .But when it comes to India, Spotify is not the only music service on Coke's mind. Earlier this year, Coca-Cola India worked with Dhingana, a streaming service that specializes in Bollywood and other Indian music, to promote songs from its  Crazy for Happiness  advertising campaign . Spotify is in 28 markets, but not yet in India .
3	  WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve officials, who have made clear that they intend to cut back on the Fed 's monthly asset purchases by the end of the year, must decide next week whether it is time to tap the brakes or better to wait another month or two.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senators will still be able to talk and talk and talk, though for not quite as long as they have grown accustomed to. Legislation will still be mired in mucky procedural delays, though there will be fewer of them to exploit. And there is a glimmer of hope that rank-and-file senators will actually be able to do what they were elected to do: shape legislation.
0	  INDIANAPOLIS — Baylor basketball coach Kim Mulkey was suspended from her team's next NCAA tournament game for criticizing the officiating after a loss to Louisville last spring.The NCAA on Monday also reprimanded Mulkey and withheld Baylor's team championship per diem from the regional round.After Louisville upset top-seeded Baylor 82-81 in March, Mulkey said the game was far too physical and she singled out the officials . I thought that all three of them, if they go past this round of officiating, it will be sad for the game,  she said then.
2	 MICKEY COHEN would have no beef with the glowing digital billboards that have been splashing movie images on the streets here for a month.O.K., Sean Penn's Cohen has thinner lips and no 5 o'clock shadow. But he's got the scowl down pat.And the film's title might have rubbed Cohen a little raw:  Gangster Squad . He once called it the  stupidity squad   — a bunch of Los Angeles cops, he figured, who were too dumb to pin him with a real crime .
3	 Millions of people could qualify for federal subsidies that will pay the entire monthly cost of some health care plans being offered in the online marketplaces set up under President Obama's health care law, a surprising figure that has not garnered much attention, in part because the zero-premium plans come with serious trade-offs .
0	  CHICAGO — The Chicago Cubs placed reliever Kyuji Fujikawa on the 15-day disabled list Monday with a right forearm injury.The right-hander will undergo an MRI on Tuesday to see if this is related to a muscle strain from April.Fujikawa pitched 1 2-3 scoreless innings in a victory over Cincinnati on Sunday before leaving with the injury.The Cubs replaced Fujikawa on the roster by claiming reliever Alex Burnett off waivers from Baltimore .The 32-year-old Fujikawa is 1-1 with a.25 ERA this season, although he has 14 strikeouts in 12 innings . The Japanese reliever signed a two-year contract for.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Paul A. Ciancia, the man accused of killing an airport safety officer and shooting three others during a rampage at Los Angeles International Airport last month, has been indicted on 11 charges, including first-degree murder, the Department of Justice announced Tuesday .Mr. Ciancia, 23, is charged with the murder of Gerardo I. Hernandez, a Transportation Security Administration officer, and the attempted murder of two other T.S.A. officers .Mr. Ciancia seemed to be specifically out to harm federal workers, according to law enforcement officials . A handwritten note found at the scene singled out the T.S.A.
3	  HONG KONG — A billionaire Chinese petrochemical entrepreneur on Monday became the fifth senior industry figure in a week to become enmeshed in a corruption investigation that continues to reach higher into China's political and economic elite.The entrepreneur, Hua Bangsong, 47, is  now assisting the relevant authorities in the P.R.C. in their investigations,  according to a filing made late Monday to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange by Mr. Hua's company, Wison Engineering Services .A crackdown on corruption in China has intensified in recent weeks, focusing on the oil industry . Mr.
2	 IN   Broken City,  a crime thriller by the director Allen Hughes, Mark Wahlberg plays Billy Taggart, a former New York policeman who suspects that his girlfriend (Natalie Martinez) is having an affair. Enraged, Billy gets so drunk that he hears the chorus of DMX's   Party Up  thumping in his ears, then goes completely bananas on the streets of the East Village .Rather than choreograph any of the cinematic mayhem in advance — there was no time for that, it seems, or desire — Mr. Wahlberg improvised.
1	  BEIJING — To prepare for an endless barrage of secondary-school exams, Zhang Ruifan learned to memorize entire science textbooks. So when his family sent him to high school in the United States, he was so far ahead of his fellow freshmen in math and science that he usually knew the correct answer even before the teacher had finished speaking. I'd just blurt it out,  he said in an interview while back home here this summer.
3	  WASHINGTON — Home prices jumped.2 percent in May compared with a year earlier, the biggest annual gain since March. The increase shows the housing recovery is strengthening. The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index released on Tuesday also surged.4 percent in May from April. The month-over-month gain nearly matched the.6 percent increase in April from March — the highest on record.The price increases were widespread. All 20 cities showed gains in May from April and compared with a year earlier.Prices in Dallas and Denver reached the highest level on records dating to.
2	 That question will soon be answered on Italian state television, which on Sunday is introducing  Masterpiece,  a show in which aspiring authors vie at literary challenges until one contestant wins a major book deal — and a level of publicity that few novelists achieve over a lifetime of quiet toil.All the conventions of the TV talent show are present: the tantalizing possibility of fame, excruciating exposure, an expert panel delivering life-changing verdicts. There's even a  confessional  room where contestants can express their anguish (on video, naturally.
4	 The Supreme Court returned the battle over same-sex marriage to the states two weeks ago, and Deb and Susan Whitewood are among the first to pick up the fight.A couple for 22 years with two teenage daughters, the Whitewoods filed suit on Tuesday to overturn Pennsylvania's ban on gay marriage, one of the first of an expected outpouring of cases around the country to cite the court's majority opinion that same-sex couples are denied a  status of immense import  and their children deprived of  the integrity and closeness of their own family.
3	 Suncor Energy, Canada's top petroleum producer, announced on Thursday that it would expand its oil production in 2014 by 10 percent in another sign that the Obama administration's delay in approving the Keystone XL pipeline extension is not holding back growth in the western Canadian oil sands fields. We're set for a strong year of continued production,  Suncor's chief executive, Steven W. Williams, said. The company announced a capital spending program of.45 billion for, $477 million more than it had forecast earlier this year.
0	 Ray Williams and Micheal Ray Richardson parted ways years ago, not by choice, and in Richardson's mind, much too soon. If only we could have stayed together a little longer, until maybe we were both a little wiser,  Richardson said after learning that Williams, his once-upon-a-time backcourt partner with the Knicks, had died Friday at 58 after a battle with colon cancer .Out of Mount Vernon, N.Y., the younger brother of the N.B.A. star Gus Williams, Ray Williams played for six N.B.A. teams over 10 years, including two stints each with the Knicks and the Nets .
3	 FOSHAN, China — Volkswagen plans to double production capacity at a newly opened factory in the southern Chinese city of Foshan, its chief executive for China said on Wednesday.Volkswagen, the top European carmaker, is attempting to grab more market share in a region dominated by Japanese rivals .VW officially opened the plant in southern Guangdong Province, which it operates under a venture with the state-owned FAW Group. The plant, capable of producing,000 vehicles a year, recently started to make the redesigned Volkswagen Golf .
0	 I hope what you read here is wrong, as misguided as my prediction last spring that the Miami Marlins would win the National League pennant. When I look at the Hall of Fame ballot, I see at least a dozen players who ought to have plaques in Cooperstown. But I do not believe the writers will elect any candidates when the voting is revealed Wednesday.This is only partly about steroids . Based on published ballots and polling by The New York Times, it seems highly unlikely that the new candidates most prominently linked to drug use will be inducted.
3	 There is a joke in the airline business that you could make money giving out free beer and charging a fee for the bathroom.No one has tried that — at least not yet — but one small airline has led the way in the United States when it comes to passenger fees: Spirit Airlines, the no-frills carrier that prides itself for offering the lowest fares, then charging passengers for everything else.Need an agent to print out a boarding pass at the airport? That's. Want some water? That's.
0	 (AP) — Longtime Penn State head coach Joe Paterno said that the university mishandled its response to the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal, a former assistant coach testified Monday during a hearing for three top school officials accused of a cover-up.Star witness Mike McQueary appeared in a courtroom for the third time since Sandusky's November 2011 arrest and told the court that top school officials knew that he had seen Sandusky molesting a boy in a locker room shower.
0	  CLEVELAND — Justin Masterson pitched six solid innings, Jason Giambi and Mark Reynolds homered, and the Cleveland Indians broke a five-game losing streak with a 5-2 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night .Masterson (8-3) worked out of a bases-loaded jam with nobody out in the sixth to preserve a 2-1 lead. Cincinnati's only run off the right-hander came on Joey Votto's two-out homer in the first.Giambi's three- run homer in the sixth off Bronson Arroyo (5-5) pushed the margin to four runs for Cleveland, which scored only 14 runs during the skid.
4	 The Rev. Frank Schaefer, a Methodist minister, was stripped of his clerical credentials on Thursday for violating church law by presiding at his son's same-sex wedding. The punishment, imposed by the United Methodist Church in Pennsylvania, was requested by the church prosecutor to deter other ministers from blessing same-sex marriages .But far from intimidating others, the trial and defrocking of Mr. Schaefer have galvanized a wave of Methodist ministers to step forward to disobey church prohibitions against marrying and ordaining openly gay people.
2	 AACHEN, Germany — Wrapped in a thick, knitted black scarf and hat, his eyes hidden behind dark glasses, Sergei Filin, the Bolshoi Ballet's artistic director, said he was on the way to a  full recovery   almost two months after he was severely burned during an acid attack in Moscow.At a news conference here at the University Hospital Aachen, where he has been undergoing treatment, Mr. Filin said he would return to his position and played down the intrigues that have engulfed the theater in the weeks since sulfuric acid was flung in his face and eyes.Mr.
3	 With millions of Americans frustrated and bewildered by the trouble-prone federal website for health insurance, con men and unscrupulous marketers are seizing their chance. State and federal authorities report a rising number of consumer complaints, ranging from deceptive sales practices to identity theft, linked to the Affordable Care Act .Madeleine Mirzayans was fooled when a man posing as a government official knocked on her door. Barbara Miller and Maevis Ethan were pitched by telemarketers who claimed to work for Medicaid .
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Now he knows what it's like to be a goldfish in a fishbowl.Two days after his helmet flooded during a spacewalk, astronaut Luca Parmitano relived the experience Thursday, describing how water kept trickling into his helmet until big globs covered his eyes, then his nose. It was hard to see, he said, and he could not hear.
1	 Humans and many other mammals see and hear in stereo. But what about smell? People have wondered for a long time whether smell has this component as well,  said Kenneth C. Catania, a biologist at Vanderbilt University . Now he and colleagues report in the journal Nature Communications that common moles, which are blind, have the ability and use it to swiftly locate prey.Dr. Catania created a chamber with food wells spaced around a semicircle and watched as moles detected the food. The chamber was sealed, so changes in air pressure would indicate that the animals were sniffing.
2	 Every few years, dance music has a moment in this country — at least, that's how it can seem from afar. But the truth is that ever since disco, dance music has been a constant in American pop, even if it wasn't dominant. And around the world, it is often at pop's center, with Americans looking on in curiosity.In Europe in the early 1980s, modern post-disco dance music was still finding its organizational principles, as heard on 'Change the Beat: The Celluloid Records Story 1979-1987' (Strut, two CDs, $15.
3	 ON Monday, June, at:30 a.m., Robin Wolaner boarded a flight from San Francisco to Seattle . An executive for a nonprofit organization, Ms. Wolaner was no mere traveler. She was bounty, the kind of frequent flier who makes or breaks airline profits, and she'd been snared by Virgin America .There were more convenient flights later that morning, but Ms. Wolaner's affection for Virgin's service, as well as for the Wi-Fi, leather seats and even what she called the  adorable  animated safety video, prompted her to get up earlier than was ideal.
4	  WASHINGTON — Some mayors spoke about the bad feeling they got with each call that there had been another shooting in their city. Others described the pain of burying police officers who had worked for them. Many recalled their attempts to console grieving families.So as mayors from around the nation gathered here on Thursday for the 81 st winter meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, many said they were heartened by President Obama's call for new laws to curb gun violence, which included several measures that the conference had sought for decades.
0	 There was no attendant at the door of the visiting Los Angeles Dodgers ' clubhouse at Citi Field at:30 on Tuesday afternoon, so the greatest pitcher in their history strolled right in. At, Sandy Koufax looks as fit as he was in his prime. He does not need a plastic badge to identify himself.If only Koufax had a locker in the dressing room, the Dodgers' unexpected pitching worries might have disappeared. Alas, he did not.
3	 In battling the government's charges that it engaged in e-book price fixing, Apple has warned a judge that what is at stake is not just healthy competition in the book industry, but the way business is conducted between retailers and providers of everything from music to books to movies .Orin Snyder, a lawyer at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher who represents Apple, made that point in a Manhattan courtroom on Thursday, the last day of the three-week antitrust trial. He told Judge Denise L.
1	  WASHINGTON — The amount of ice in the Arctic Ocean shrank this summer to the sixth lowest level, but that's much higher than last year's record low .The ice cap at the North Pole melts in the summer and grows in winter; its general shrinking trend is a sign of global warming . The National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colo., said Friday that Arctic ice was at.97 million square miles when it stopped melting late last week.It takes scientists several days to confirm sea ice hit reached its lowest level and is growing again.
1	 Traces of a common psychiatric medication that winds up in rivers and streams may affect fish behavior and feeding patterns, according to a study in the journal Science published Thursday .Researchers in Sweden exposed wild European perch to water with different concentrations of Oxazepam, an anti-anxiety medication that can show up in waterways after being flushed, excreted or discarded.Researchers reported that fish exposed to Oxazepam became less social, more active and ate faster, behaviors they said could have long-term consequences for aquatic ecosystems.
4	  BUFFALO — President Obama deplored the rising costs of college on Thursday as he tried to shame universities into holding down prices. He held out the prospect of more federal student aid if they did.Speaking at the University at Buffalo, where tuition and fees now total about,000 per year for New York residents, Mr. Obama said the middle class and those struggling to rise out of persistent financial troubles were being unfairly priced out of American higher education .
3	 For years, power companies have watched warily as solar panels have sprouted across the nation's rooftops. Now, in almost panicked tones, they are fighting hard to slow the spread.Alarmed by what they say has become an existential threat to their business, utility companies are moving to roll back government incentives aimed at promoting solar energy and other renewable sources of power . At stake, the companies say, is nothing less than the future of the American electricity industry.
0	 As it turns out, Serena Williams's fifth United States Open title Sunday had several things in common with her first one, even though they came 14 years apart.For one, she did not celebrate with a night on the town either time. This has been her habit after recent championships because she now prefers a low-key gathering with friends and family . About her first one, in, she said:  I was too young to do anything. I was. I just went to the movies .
2	 The oddest and most revealing album released this year by the pianist Keith Jarrett — there have been five so far, for anyone keeping score — is  No End,  a generous helping of noodly, faintly tribal rock jams recorded to cassette in a home studio in. Mr. Jarrett plays every instrument himself, leaning on electric guitar and drums, and hardly touching the piano. The multitracked result often feels like a sincere but hermetic response to the Grateful Dead, which apparently isn't too far off the mark.
0	 PARIS — Ten years ago, Bob and Mike Bryan were still desperate to win a Grand Slam title and were sleeping on the floor of their bargain hotel room . Their lives changed for good when they won their first major championship in 2003 at the French Open .On Saturday, the top-ranked American twins extended their record by clinching their 14th Grand Slam trophy, defeating Michael Llodra and Nicolas Mahut of France, 4-6, 7-6 (4) in the men's doubles final at Roland Garros .
3	 PARIS — Airbus said Monday that it had received a record order for $24 billion worth of new single-aisle jets from the Indonesian low-cost airline Lion Air, marking a significant inroad for the European plane maker into one of the fastest-growing air travel markets in Asia that until now has been dominated by its American rival, Boeing.The firm order, for 234 of the company's popular A320- and A321-series jets, was announced by high-level executives of Airbus and Lion Air at a ceremony in Paris overseen by President François Hollande of France .
0	 NEW YORK — There is a familiar but deceiving look about the main contenders set to battle for the U.S. Open men's singles title when the year's final grand slam gets underway on Monday.If history and current form are any guide, only five men - Roger Federer, Rafa Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray and Juan Martin Del Potro - have any real chance of wearing the hardcourt crown.Since the 2005 French Open, only five men have won grand slam singles titles but rarely have all five been in contention at the same event.But this time they are and the U.S.
4	  WASHINGTON — In response to the Obama administration's plans to overhaul the nation's international food aid program, which provides food to disaster-stricken regions, Congress this week began laying the groundwork for its own changes. Farm bills passed this week by the House and Senate Agriculture Committees do not go as far as the Obama administration's proposal, which would move the.4 billion program from the budget of the Agriculture Department to the foreign affairs budget in an effort to speed delivery and cut costs . The bills reauthorized the food aid program and left it largely intact, in the agriculture budget.
2	 The latest installment in  The Hobbit  trilogy is likely to make arachnophobes squirm. That's the hope of the director Peter Jackson, whose own fear of spiders helped infuse some important scenes in  The Desolation of Smaug   with creepy, crawly discomfort.The spiders lurking in the forest of Mirkwood are among the perils Bilbo Baggins and his traveling companions encounter on their journey to reclaim the dwarf kingdom of Erebor. Unlike some of the more fantastical creatures in the series, the spiders look and feel more familiar, albeit supersize.
2	 It was early Thursday morning and Mister Cee, a D.J. on the hip-hop station Hot 97 and a prominent figure in New York hip-hop history, was in tears. The day before, an audio clip was released in which he appeared to solicit a sexual act from a transgender person, the latest in a string of incidents, including arrests, revolving around Mister Cee's sexual activities . During his Wednesday afternoon show he had announced his resignation, saying he didn't want to draw negative attention to his employer and colleagues because of his actions.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — A military judge on Tuesday twice expelled Ramzi bin al-Shibh — one of five Guantánamo Bay detainees facing a death penalty trial — from a courtroom at the military base there in Cuba after he disrupted proceedings by shouting about his treatment.Col. James L. Pohl, the judge presiding over the pretrial military commission hearing, clashed with Mr. bin al-Shibh at the start of both the morning and afternoon sessions. Each time, Mr. bin al-Shibh began loudly complaining about torture instead of answering a question from the judge about whether he understood his rights.
4	 The car would not stop. Flares did not stop it. Shots fired into the engine had no effect. As far as the four Marines stationed at a roadside checkpoint in Iraq knew, the sedan hurtling toward them was a bomb on wheels.Tim Rojas flashed a thumbs-up at his fellow lance corporal, John Thuesen, 21, the quiet Texan manning the machine gun on the Humvee's turret. Bullets quickly tore through the car. The driver slumped over the steering wheel as the sedan crawled to a stop.There was no explosion. The Marines were alive, and in that moment, Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Economic data released on Thursday indicated solid job growth and provided further signs that housing is recovering.The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits fell,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted,000, a level consistent with firm job growth .And sales of new homes rose in April to the second- highest level since summer, while the median price for a new home hit a high.The Labor Department said on Thursday that the less volatile four-week average of jobless claims declined just 500 to,500. That is close to the five-year low of,000 reached in the first week of May.
4	 Although the debate over curbing gun violence after the massacre in Newtown, Conn., is breaking down mostly along partisan lines in the nation's statehouses — with several Democratic governors calling for stricter gun laws and most Republicans urging tighter security or revamped mental health policies — the handful of exceptions show the political and geographical complexities of the issue.More than a dozen governors invoked the Newtown school shooting in their State of the State addresses in recent weeks, and most have weighed in on the shooting in other forums .
0	 PLANTATION, Fla. — Francis Tiafoe became the youngest boys' singles champion in the history of the Orange Bowl International, winning Sunday at.Tiafoe, from College Park, Md., beat Stefan Kozlov of Pembroke Pines, Fla., 7-6 (3), 0-6, 6-3 in the first all-America Orange Bowl boys' final since. It also was the first time two 15-year-olds played each other in the singles final in the tournament's 67-year history.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The scorched body found inside the burned-out cabin near Big Bear Lake where law enforcement officers were caught in a deadly shootout this week has been positively identified as that of Christopher J. Dorner, the authorities announced on Thursday.Mr. Dorner, 33, a former Los Angeles police officer who the authorities believe killed four people this month, had been the subject of a regionwide manhunt since last week. His body was identified through a dental examination, according to the San Bernardino Sheriff's Department . No cause of death was given.The sheriff had already expressed confidence that Mr.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — Nine years ago, city officials here sued to strike down a state ban on same-sex marriage . It was the first government challenge to such a law, and it set in motion a legal chain reaction that gave rise to a momentous Supreme Court case to be argued next Tuesday.The move was also the beginning of a kind of civil disobedience movement by government officials . Around the nation, executive branch officials started to abandon their traditional role, which is to enforce the laws and defend them when they are challenged in court .
4	 Regardless of their party affiliation, Americans think the Internal Revenue Service was wrong to target conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status, and that it was done for political reasons and not because officials felt it was the right policy to pursue, according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .But the public is divided along party lines when assigning the blame for the scrutiny of the Tea Party and other conservative groups . Over all, 4 in 10 (including two-thirds of Democrats ) think the I.R.S.
3	 LONDON — Britain said on Thursday that it would allow Chinese firms to buy stakes in British nuclear power plants and eventually acquire majority holdings.The agreement, which comes with caveats, opens the way for China's fast-growing nuclear industry to play a significant role in Britain's plans to proceed with construction of its first new reactor in nearly two decades. George Osborne, chancellor of the Exchequer, made the announcement on Thursday while visiting a nuclear power station in southern China .The project fits into Britain's overall plan to deliver at least 12 new nuclear reactors at five sites by.
0	  ATLANTA — Once again, the dog days of August have become the dog days of September for the Mets . The club is playing irrelevant games, as far as the standings are concerned, and the ambience for the outsider does not look very inviting. The team's two biggest stars, pitcher Matt Harvey and third baseman David Wright, are injured, and the quest for a.500 season is nearly a fruitless cause.Yet starter Dillon Gee (11-9) and his poise are reasons to tune in. He won here Wednesday, 5-2, over the first-place Braves, scattering four hits in seven innings.
2	  The Metropolitan Opera has decided to disband its resident ballet company, whose roots date back to the opera's founding in. The 8 remaining dancers of the Metropolitan Opera Ballet, down from 16 in, have accepted buyout packages and left the company, their union confirmed on Monday.The American Guild of Musical Artists, which represents the dancers, said the packages, provided for under the union's current contract with the Met, include,000 in severance and two additional years under the opera company's health and dental care plan.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Richie Phillips, a tough-talking Philly lawyer who became a negotiator for Major League Baseball umpires and NBA referees, has died. He was.Phillips' death was reported by The Philadelphia Inquirer, which said he died Friday of cardiac arrest at his second home in Cape May, N.J. His death was confirmed by the D'Anjolell Memorial Home in Broomall, where a viewing is scheduled Thursday. We got so much because of Richie — pensions, vacations, better salaries,  former umpire and board member Don Denkinger told The Associated Press by telephone on Tuesday.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Gains in housing and manufacturing propelled the nation's economy over the winter, according to reports released Tuesday . And analysts say they point to the resilience of consumers and businesses as government spending cuts take effect. Home prices rose .1 percent in January, the fastest annual rate since the peak of the housing boom in summer. Demand for longer-lasting factory goods increased.7 percent in February, the biggest gain in five months.February sales of new homes and March consumer confidence looked shakier. But the overall picture reflected an improving economy .
0	 NEW YORK — Casey Prather did what seniors are supposed to do — lead their team in a tough spot.Prather scored 22 points, including Florida's last eight of the game, and the 16th-ranked Gators beat No. 15 Memphis 77-75 in the Jimmy V Classic at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday night . I was just trying to be smart on offense and be aggressive,  he said.  The ball just happened to find me. It could have been any of my teammates. Prather made two free throws with 27 seconds left to give Florida (8-2) a 77-73 lead.
0	 TRENTON — Flanked by two Trenton law enforcement officers, Alex Rodriguez walked past a quote on the wall outside the home clubhouse:  There are never ex- Yankees, their pinstripes ensure them an immortal presence. But his game with the Class AA Thunder on Saturday may have been his last with the Yankees organization for a long time, perhaps forever. Rodriguez, accused of involvement with Biogenesis, a now-defunct South Florida anti-aging clinic suspected of dispensing performance-enhancing drugs, was expected to receive a lengthy suspension Monday.
3	 Halliburton is in advanced talks to settle claims against it in a trial over the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, the company said on Monday, when it booked a $637 million charge for a possible deal. The company reported a first-quarter loss of $13 million, or 1 cent a share, compared with year-ago earnings of $635 million, or 69 cents a share . Excluding the charge and other items, it made a profit of 62 cents a share, ahead of the 57 cents analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters . Revenue rose .
1	 The former Homestake Gold Mine in Lead, S.D., has a hallowed place in the history of physics as a spot where nothing happens.It was there, in the 1970s, that Raymond Davis Jr. attempted to catch neutrinos, spooky subatomic particles emitted by the sun, in a vat of cleaning fluid a mile underground and for a long time came up empty. For revolutionizing the study of those particles, he shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in.
4	  WASHINGTON — The allegations had all the makings of a perfect election -year scandal that might threaten President Obama 's chances for a second term and re-energize a listless Tea Party movement : an activist president, running an overbearing government, treating conservative groups unfairly by wielding the federal taxing power to undermine his adversaries.But a year ago, when the current Internal Revenue Service scandal that has swirled around Mr. Obama first emerged, Washington — and, apparently, the White House — shrugged.
2	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — What happens when Richard M. Sherman hunches over a baby grand piano and leads a singalong? Judging from a recent evening on the patio at the Polo Lounge here, people not only warble the ditties but are magically transported back to childhood.In the 1960s, Mr. Sherman and his older brother, Robert B., who died last year, were staff composers at Walt Disney Studios .
3	  ATLANTA —The college degree is becoming the new high school diploma: the new minimum requirement, albeit an expensive one, for getting even the lowest-level job.Consider the 45-person law firm of Busch, Slipakoff & Schuh here in Atlanta, a place that has seen tremendous growth in the college-educated population. Like other employers across the country, the firm hires only people with a bachelor's degree, even for jobs that do not require college-level skills.This prerequisite applies to everyone, including the receptionist, paralegals, administrative assistants and file clerks.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama 's team concedes that the almost certain arrival of across-the- board budget cuts on Friday will not immediately produce the politically dramatic layoffs and airport delays that the administration has been warning about for days.But White House strategists say they believe that a constant drip of bad news will emerge in Congressional districts across the country in the weeks ahead, generating negative headlines and, they hope, putting Republicans on the defensive for their refusal to raise taxes .
0	 LONDON — Scottish football clubs will be reunited in a new professional league next season after smaller teams backed a plan designed to spread limited revenues more evenly.The agreement reverses a breakaway by top clubs to form the Scottish Premier League ( SPL ) 15 years ago and will allow more money to filter down to the second tier .Scottish Football League clubs approved the changes on Wednesday, marking the end of the road for a league body set up in. The shake-up has already won the blessing of SPL teams .
4	  WASHINGTON — An Air Force general who oversaw some of the nation's nuclear weapons was dismissed for drunken antics during an official trip to Moscow last summer, according to a new investigative report .Maj. Gen. Michael J. Carey, who was removed this year as commander of the 20th Air Force, which maintains and operates the nation's intercontinental ballistic missiles, is accused of drinking heavily, insulting his guests and other behavior  unbecoming of an officer and gentleman  during a four-day visit to Moscow in July, according to the inquiry.
0	 (Reuters) - AC Milan, who managed two Champions League group stage wins last season on their way to a round of 16 elimination, did little to suggest an improvement this term as they spluttered to a fortuitous 2-0 victory over Celtic on Wednesday.An edgy and impatient San Siro crowd had been preparing to jeer their players off the pitch until an unfortunate own goal by Emilio Izaguirre and a close-range effort from Sulley Muntari in the last 10 minutes put a completely different complexion on the evening.
0	 The rookie coach Mike Petke has been with the Red Bulls /MetroStars through bad times, worse times and sheer debacles. That is why he is guardedly sanguine about his team's current state . If anyone's wondering why I don't talk Supporters Shield and playoffs it's because I've been around this organization for a long time and for every two or three good things that happen it seems they come crashing down in the end,  Petke said Tuesday during his weekly conference call.
0	  Chelsea leapfrogged Tottenham into third place Saturday, thrashing Stoke, 4-0, to end the only remaining unbeaten home record in England's Premier League .Spurs' lackluster 0-0 draw at last-place Queens Park Rangers gave Chelsea, the European champions, an opportunity to become the nearest challengers to the two Manchester clubs, and it did not waste the opportunity.Stoke forward Jonathan Walters twice headed the ball into his own net, in the 45th and 62nd minutes, before Frank Lampard converted a penalty and Eden Hazard sealed the victory with a 30-yard strike .
2	 The lineup for the 20th edition of Hot 97's Summer Jam seemed like a certain undersell, a curiously superstar-free collection of largely B- and C-listers, rookies and sophomores. No Jay-Z, no Drake, no Lil Wayne, no Nicki Minaj, no Kanye West . It practically screamed,  We're hiding our big-name surprise guests! At least, that would have fit in with Summer Jam's legacy. This concert is the annual reckoning of hip-hop hierarchies in the genre's birthplace.
0	 ZURICH — Usain Bolt is not worried about tarnishing his career by failing to retain his 100 and 200 meters Olympic titles in Rio de Janeiro in three years' time. In life you don't always get what you want,  the Jamaican told Reuters television after visiting FIFA president Sepp Blatter at the headquarters of soccer's world governing body . It wouldn't be the greatest moment, but I would understand because I've had my time, I've been dominant for a long time.
0	  ST PETERSBURG, Russia — Wrestling, baseball/softball and squash made an International Olympic Committee shortlist for potential inclusion in the 2020 Games with five other sports failing to make the cut in a tight contest on Wednesday.The three sports will now be put to the vote at the IOC session in Buenos Aires in September with only one of them winning a place on the 2020 Games programme.The IOC is eager to revamp its sports programme in a bid to keep the Olympics relevant to a younger generation to attract viewers and sponsors.
3	 As the favorite to succeed Ben S. Bernanke to lead the Federal Reserve, Janet L. Yellen faces no shortage of hurdles.The first would be to win confirmation from the Senate — an obstacle that doomed the previous front-runner for the job, Lawrence H. Summers.While Ms. Yellen faces much less potential opposition than Mr. Summers did, the White House is not taking Senate approval for granted. Even as the administration informed legislators on Capitol Hill on Thursday that Ms.
0	 LANDOVER, Md. — Robert Griffin III lay on the 5- yard line, with the ball — and the Washington Redskins ' season — inches away from him. But Griffin did not reach to get it, did not even turn to try and swipe at it; he couldn't. He did not want to let go of his right knee.So Griffin held on, rolling ever so slightly in the chewed-up grass. His teammate Trent Williams screamed for team trainers to hurry onto the field, and minutes later Griffin finally rose, slowly and gingerly, before limping off to nervous cheers.
3	  MILAN — Tucked away in a building on the outskirts of Milan is the  nirvana room,  so called perhaps because of the good tidings it contains. There, geologists working for the Italian oil company Eni don 3-D glasses to contemplate fluorescent images of underground geological formations and try to divine which might be worth tens of millions of dollars in exploratory drilling.The mood around Eni has been nirvana-like lately as the company's explorers have made some lucrative enlightened guesses.
0	 LONDON — Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was left casting envious glances at his rivals' squads after a second defeat in four days bruised their title challenge and left him looking up the table rather than down.The Merseysiders topped the Premier League on Christmas Day, but a 2-1 defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Sunday, on the back of losing to Manchester City by the same scoreline, has dumped them down to fifth.
0	  SEATTLE — Jozy Altidore continued his scoring run. Eddie Johnson earned a moment to remember getting a goal before his raucous home crowd that matched the hype that came with playing a World Cup qualifier in Seattle .It became a perfect night for the United States to collect three points and vault into first place halfway to another World Cup trip.
3	  HONG KONG — Hutchison Whampoa, controlled by Asia's richest man, Li Ka -shing, has scrapped a plan to sell its Hong Kong supermarket business, ParknShop, and will instead focus on expanding in China, it said Friday.The sale of ParknShop, which operates 345 stores in Hong Kong, China and Macau, had been expected to fetch $3 billion to $4 billion, with prospective bidders including prominent retailers like the state-owned China Resources Enterprise, Aeon of Japan and Woolworths of Australia.
4	  Texas lawmakers invested millions of additional dollars in the 2013 legislative session to address a looming physician shortage. Voters and university regents have rubber-stamped plans to open two new medical schools, in Austin and the Rio Grande Valley . But those moves have not placated the medical community, which remains concerned that Texas has no long-term solution to produce enough physicians, particularly in primary care, to support the surging population. Nobody wants to see this pendulum swing, where there's money for this biennium and no money the next biennium,  said Dr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator  Rand Paul  of Kentucky acknowledged Tuesday that  mistakes  in his office had caused unattributed writing by others to appear in his own work and announced that he was instituting safeguards to prevent such breaches from happening again.While maintaining the defiance he has shown since the claims of plagiarism were first made last week, Mr. Paul hurriedly took steps to contain the biggest crisis of his young political career, one that threatens his ambitions to run for president in.
3	  HOUSTON — In the sharpest challenge yet to the surge in flaring of natural gas in the Bakken shale oil field, North Dakota mineral owners this week filed 10 class-action lawsuits seeking millions of dollars in lost royalties from some of the nation's largest oil companies .Roughly,500 fires burn above western North Dakota because of the deliberate burning of natural gas by companies rushing to drill for oil without having sufficient pipelines to transport their production.
1	 Since its discovery in, Archaeopteryx was widely considered to be the earliest known bird. But in 2009 a team of scientists decided it was more dinosaurlike than avian. Because of its reptilian metabolism and growth rate (slower than that of a bird, the transitional species should be removed from the bird family tree, the scientists said.Now the discovery of a pheasant-size fossil — one that researchers say dates back even earlier than the 150- million -year-old Archaeopteryx — has prompted a re-examination of the entire lineage.
3	 NOAH AND BERNA LEVINE were making those steps toward retirement two years ago — trying to figure out where they wanted to live. They had moved to Marietta, Ga., about 30 years before from their native New Jersey with three young children . Mr. Levine, 62, had taken a job with the Atlanta Jewish Federation, and Mrs. Levine figured her teaching skills would quickly land her a job, which they did soon enough.As retirement loomed, though, the three children were arrayed across the country — Albuquerque, Chicago and Detroit, with a half-dozen grandchildren among them. Mr.
0	 Eden Hazard and Ramires scored second-half goals as defending champion Chelsea rallied for a 2-2 tie at Manchester United in the F.A. Cup and forced a replay to determine which team will play Manchester City in the semifinals.Coming off Champions League elimination against Real Madrid on Tuesday, Manchester United built a 2-0 lead on goals by Javier Hernández in the fifth minute and Wayne Rooney in the 11th. Hazard began the comeback when he scored in the 59th minute, and Ramires tied it nine minutes later.
3	 THE recovery from the Great Recession has been slow, or even nonexistent, in most of the developed world .But not in Germany.In Germany, alone among the 27 members of the European Union, unemployment rates for both older and younger workers are now lower than they were when the United States slipped into a recession at the end of.In the rest of the euro zone, the unemployment rate for workers ages 25 to 74 has more than doubled over that period, to.8 percent.
1	 Henrietta Lacks was only 31 when she died of cervical cancer in 1951 in a Baltimore hospital. Not long before her death, doctors removed some of her tumor cells. They later discovered that the cells could thrive in a lab, a feat no human cells had achieved before.Soon the cells, called HeLa cells, were being shipped from Baltimore around the world. In the 62 years since — twice as long as Ms.
3	 The New York State Court of Appeals issued a n advisory opinion on Wednesday that shift supervisors at Starbucks, but not assistant managers with significant authority over other employees, may share in the baristas' tip pool.Asked to interpret New York State labor law by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the state's highest court also advised that Starbucks assistant store managers have so much authority that they should generally not be considered the type of workers who can share in the tip pool.
1	 In the garden of his country estate, Darwin built a dovecote. He filled it with birds he bought in London from pigeon breeders . He favored the fanciest breeds — pouters, carriers, barbs, fantails, short-faced tumblers and many more. The diversity of the breeds is something astonishing,  he wrote a few years later in  On the Origin of Species  — a work greatly informed by his experiments with the birds.Pigeon breeding, Darwin argued, was an analogy for what happened in the wild. Nature played the part of the fancier, selecting which individuals would be able to reproduce.
2	 The sound, a D major chord produced by an orchestra and a chorus, begins abruptly, full force, and fills the air for 20 minutes, like a sonorous foghorn with a stuck switch. It ends as suddenly as it begins, but there is no applause because the orchestra is only half finished — its members sit without playing or even moving,  performing  silence for just as long.This highly eccentric symphony, receiving its first New York performance on Wednesday, was created by the artist Yves Klein, who is best known for his monochrome paintings.
4	  WASHINGTON — E-mails released by the White House on Wednesday revealed a fierce internal jostling over the government's official talking points in the aftermath of last September's attack in Benghazi, Libya, not only between the State Department and the Central Intelligence Agency, but at the highest levels of the C.I.A.The 100 pages of e-mails showed a disagreement between David H. Petraeus, then the director of the C.I.A., and his deputy, Michael J. Morell, over how much to disclose in the talking points, which were used by Susan E.
4	 In their fervor to take action against gun violence after the shooting in Newtown, Conn., a growing number of state and national politicians are promoting a focus on mental illness as a way to help prevent further killings.Legislation to revise existing mental health laws is under consideration in at least a half-dozen states, including Colorado, Oregon and Ohio . A New York bill requiring mental health practitioners to warn the authorities about potentially dangerous patients was signed into law on Jan. 15.
4	 In its first month of business, California's insurance exchange enrolled more people than any other state-run exchange and more than the federal exchange serving 36 states, which has been paralyzed by technological failures.About,000 people are enrolling in private health plans daily through California's exchange, officials there said, a rate that has picked up considerably over the last few weeks.Peter V. Lee, executive director of the exchange, said,830 people in California had enrolled in plans in October and,000 more enrolled through Nov. 9.In addition, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Justice Department is expected to sue North Carolina on Monday over its restrictive new voting law, further escalating the Obama administration's efforts to restore a stronger federal role in protecting minority voters after the Supreme Court struck down part of the Voting Rights Act, according to a person familiar with the department's plans.The lawsuit, which had been anticipated, will ask a federal court to block North Carolina from enforcing four disputed provisions of its voting law, including a strict photo identification requirement.
2	 It could have been any house on this suburban stretch of Staten Island, with a well-worn basketball hoop outside and a sign out front warning,  Beware of Dog.  But here one wintry February afternoon Vinny Guadagnino, the former   Jersey Shore   star, was pacing from room to room of the home where he grew up, now the site of his new MTV talk show, as he awaited a visit from the pop star Kesha. Don't mess this up for me, please,  Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Environmental Protection Agency will propose a rule on Friday that will cut the amount of sulfur allowed in gasoline by two-thirds to improve the performance of the catalytic converters in engines that fight smog, the agency has told refiners and clean-air advocates.The proposal has been ready for about 15 months but was delayed until after the election because opponents will argue that it will raise the price of gasoline, according to people familiar with its history. They didn't want to have a big fight during an election year,  said S.
2	 The song that opens  Amelita  (Columbia) — the second album by Court Yard Hounds, due out on Tuesday — is  Sunshine,  a honey-dipped poison dart aimed at the sort of person who rains on every parade.  Tonight you'll grace us all with your inner presence,  Emily Robison sings over an acoustic guitar,  While your backhanded compliments let the air out of the room.  Then comes the chorus, a summery burst of melody, led by a harmonized  Hey,  that leaves no doubt as to who'll have the last word.Ms.
2	 For their series TAB, Stephanie Browne, a visual artist, and Kay Ottinger, a dancer, focus on a facet of a show that some producers of performance art ignore: the audience.  It came out of being tired of performances that were really hard to watch,  Ms. Ottinger said in an interview.  We wanted to make an enjoyable way for people to watch artists' work that is in progress.  The latest installment, part of the Brooklyn International Performance Art Festival, takes place at Brooklyn Fire Proof, with two free shows on Saturday.
3	  Johnson & Johnson has tentatively agreed to a settlement that could reach up to $4 billion to resolve thousands of lawsuits filed by patients injured by a flawed all-metal replacement hip, said two lawyers briefed on the plan.The tentative plan, which must win court approval, represents one of the largest payouts for product liability claims involving a medical device .A spokeswoman for the company's DePuy Orthopaedics unit declined to comment on the possibility of a settlement . An announcement about the plan is expected in the coming days, the lawyers said.
2	 After distinguished careers, some prominent string quartets disband. Others, like the Emerson String Quartet, replenish their ranks. In its first change of membership since, the cellist Paul Watkins replaces David Finckel (who joined the group that year. On Sunday, the Emerson makes its American debut with Mr. Watkins, who is also music director of the English Chamber Orchestra . It will demonstrate its mettle with a new member with two of Beethoven's  Razumovsky  string quartets and Britten's String Quartet No. 3. (4:30 p.m., Venetian Theater, 149 Girdle Ridge Road, Katonah, N.Y., 914-232-1252, caramoor.org; $15 to.)
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Two spacewalking astronauts tackled a backlog of outdoor work at the International Space Station on Tuesday.It was the first spacewalk for Italy — a major contributor to the orbiting lab — as Luca Parmitano handled a variety of maintenance chores. He was accompanied by American Christopher Cassidy, a veteran spacewalker.Cassidy encountered a stubborn bolt, eating up precious minutes, as he got started on the first of two planned spacewalks just a week apart. A slim gap of just one-eighth of an inch stalled the installation of a new space-to-ground radio transmitter.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Four Marines who died at Camp Pendleton this week were killed by an explosion while clearing live ordnance from a training area, military officials said Thursday.The four were identified as Staff Sgt . Mathew R. Marsh, 28; Gunnery Sgt. Gregory J. Mullins, 31; Sgt. Miguel Ortiz, 27; and Staff Sgt . Eric W. Summers, 32. In addition, a Navy hospital corpsman and two other Marines received medical treatment at the scene.Camp Pendleton is about 40 miles north of San Diego .
0	 Raúl Jiménez scored on a spectacular 16-yard bicycle kick in the 85th minute — four minutes after Panama scored a tying goal — and Mexico beat Panama, 2-1, on Friday night at Azteca Stadium in Mexico City to revive its hopes of qualifying for its sixth straight World Cup .Languishing in fifth place in qualifying in North and Central America and the Caribbean at the start of the night, Mexico went ahead on Oribe Peralta's goal off a pass from Javier Hernández in the 40th minute.
0	 Shortly after he heard the news that his brief stay with the Yankees was over, Chris Nelson stood in a hallway near the team's clubhouse talking to someone who had been in the same situation: depressed, frustrated and returning to the minor leagues .Since he was first called up, by the Colorado Rockies in, Jayson Nix, 30, has been sent back to the minors four times, so he knows the feeling well.Even though Nelson, 27, could replace Nix somewhere, someday, Nix still wanted to pass on some advice to Nelson.
2	 Whether it rises to the surface or not, the notion of labor usually lurks somewhere in a Heather Kravas dance, in which repeated steps and patterns are knitted together with such exactitude that the results blend vulnerability with steely tenacity . It's an idea that she extends to herself, especially now as she prepares to unveil  a quartet,  her latest, at the Kitchen in Chelsea beginning Jan. 8. I don't feel done with it,  Ms. Kravas, 43, said in a recent interview.  It feels deep. It feels difficult.
3	 MADRID — Every morning, cafes here fill up with people enjoying a typical Spanish breakfast, including pouring olive oil out of a plain glass cruet onto a slice of toasted bread.The traditional cruet, however, will be replaced by a labeled, sealed and nonreusable bottle or other type of container under stricter oil bottling rules that take effect on Wednesday.Spain is the world's largest producer of olive oil . The new regulations were created mainly to improve food hygiene.
0	  CINCINNATI — The Mets arrived in the middle of a playoff race, with the Cincinnati Reds vying to win the National League Central Division, and in the heart of their own race with the Philadelphia Phillies to finish third in the East. General Manager Sandy Alderson even joined the team for its final road trip . Alderson gave a modest state -of-the-team address Monday before the Mets fell to the Reds, 3-2, in 10 innings — discussing Matt Harvey's rehabilitation, Zack Wheeler's shoulder and Terry Collins's status as manager.
1	 Atomic clocks are already the most accurate timepieces in existence, typically losing or gaining a second every 100 million years or so. Now, researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology have built a pair of atomic clocks 10 times as precise as their predecessors.Regular atomic clocks use radio waves to measure the oscillations of cesium atoms, which are far more precise than, say, the swingings of a pendulum.
4	  Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr . has faced criticism for several polarizing decisions made under the Obama administration .May:The Justice Department scales back a voter-intimidation lawsuit from the Bush administration involving the New Black Panther Party, and Republicans call for an inquiry into the decision.August: Mr. Holder names a federal prosecutor to reopen criminal investigations into the C.I.A.'s interrogation of prisoners and is sharply criticized by some former intelligence officials and Republicans in Congress . The investigation would end after three years with no criminal charges .November: Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Democratic leadership in the Senate asked President Obama on Friday to take  any lawful steps  available to avoid a default on the nation's debt if Republicans continue to press their demand that an increase in the government's borrowing limit be accompanied by spending cuts of the same magnitude.
2	 Betty Boop began her life as a floppy-eared dog and ended it as a happy homemaker dressed in an apron. But at her peak — roughly from 1931 to 1934 — she was a major figure in American movies, despite being, as her theme song put it,  made of pen and ink.
3	 IN eastern Poland, politicians are still hoping to join the shale gas energy revolution, but lately they have had to curb their enthusiasm.Large reserves of the gas discovered two years ago were initially projected to meet Poland's energy needs for 300 years, but estimates have since been slashed by more than 80 percent. International energy giants like Exxon Mobil and Talisman Energy of Canada have scaled back their investments after disappointing early attempts at extraction. And competition from other fossil fuels, like abundant coal supplies, has made it unprofitable to tap many of the country's new energy fields.
2	 Here are a few shows of note during the Northside Festival in Brooklyn, starting on Thursday. (A full schedule is online at northsidefestival.com/music/ )The Walkmen, the venerable indie rockers, make their only New York appearance this year in a free concert. (Above, Hamilton Leithauser.) Also on the bill is Phosphorescent, Matthew Houck's project that weaves experimental sonic textures through folksy songs. McCarren Park, Saturday.Solange Knowles, Beyoncé's younger sister, who lives in Brooklyn, brings her dancey R&B to the park. Opening will be Petite Noir, a South African -born electronic musician and vocalist. McCarren Park, Sunday.
0	 MADRID — Atletico Madrid have signed goalkeeper Daniel Aranzubia on a one-year contract as cover for Belgian international Thibaut Courtois, the La Liga club said on Tuesday.The 33-year-old former Spain youth international arrives as a free agent after playing for Deportivo La Coruna, who were relegated from the top flight last season. I am aware that Atletico have a great keeper but I come to do my work, to compete and to try and help the team,  Aranzubia, who has played more than 300 La Liga matches in spells with Athletic Bilbao and Deportivo, told reporters .
3	  WASHINGTON — Business activity in the Midwest surged beyond expectations in October as new orders hit their highest level since, countering recent evidence of soft economic growth .Meanwhile, weekly claims for unemployment benefits fell, in a sign that the nation's labor market is on the rebound after the impact of a partial government shutdown on furloughed federal workers diminished.The Institute for Supply Management said on Thursday that its Chicago business barometer jumped to.9 from.7, the strongest reading since March 2011 and substantially higher than the most optimistic forecast in a Reuters poll .
0	 EAST HARTFORD, Conn. — In the litany of one-off exhibitions, charity games and assorted tournaments that make up soccer's calendar, the Gold Cup is an especially strange affair. Staged every two years by the sport's regional governing body, Concacaf, this month's iteration has featured: allegations from Belize regarding a failed attempt at match-fixing ; dispirited play, including another disastrous performance from Mexico; and one team, Martinique, nearly advancing to the knockout round despite being ineligible for the prize that goes to the tournament's winner.All that aside, there is still a sliver of import to these matches.
0	 Beyond the suspensions that Major League Baseball handed down Friday for a fight between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Diego Padres on Thursday night, one real cost to the Dodgers was already known: $531,250.That is the amount that Zack Greinke, who has averaged 32 starts a season since, is paid for each expected turn in the rotation. How many of those turns his injured collarbone will force him to miss — the current estimate is an absence of eight weeks — will determine the total financial impact to Los Angeles .
1	 When an asteroid exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk in February, shattering windows for miles and injuring well over,000 people, experts said it was a rare event — of a magnitude that might occur only once every 100 to 200 years, on average.But now a team of scientists is suggesting that the Earth is vulnerable to many more Chelyabinsk-size space rocks than was previously thought. In research being published Wednesday by the journal Nature, they estimate that such strikes could occur as often as every decade or two.
3	  Mead Johnson Nutrition said on Tuesday it would pay about $33 million in connection with a Chinese investigation into possible price-fixing and anticompetitive practices by foreign makers of baby formula . Mead Johnson, the maker of Enfamil formula, said that as a result of its antitrust review, China's National Development and Reform Commission had assessed administrative penalties against Mead Johnson and a number of other milk formula companies doing business in China .
0	  DENVER — Hampus Lindholm had a power-play goal at:04 of the third period, lifting the Anaheim Ducks to a 2-1 victory over the Colorado Avalanche in a preseason game Wednesday night .Devante Smith-Pelly added a power-play goal for Anaheim . The Ducks were 2 for 7 with the man advantage .John Gibson stopped 18 shots after entering the game midway through the second period.Paul Stastny scored for Colorado . Stastny's rebound shot deflected off the stick of Mark Fistric at:15 of the first period.
1	 The young men who opened fire at Columbine High School, at the movie theater in Aurora, Colo., and in other massacres had this in common: they were video gamers who seemed to be acting out some dark digital fantasy. It was as if all that exposure to computerized violence gave them the idea to go on a rampage — or at least fueled their urges.But did it really? Social scientists have been studying and debating the effects of media violence on behavior since the 1950s, and video games in particular since the 1980s.
3	 THERE are some good things about frequent business travel. I've been flying pretty much nonstop for about 20 years, and I've probably read about,000 books that I wouldn't otherwise have found the time to read. I like the quiet time. I like the fact that people can't find me and I can think about work, or read or watch a movie without interruptions.As C.E.O. of Friendly's, I spend the majority of my time traveling to our company -owned restaurants, franchises and the,000 grocery-store customers that we have. I look for new business opportunities, too.
1	 Researchers have discovered a vast plume of iron and other nutrients, more than 600 miles long, in the South Atlantic Ocean. The finding challenges long-held beliefs about the sources and abundance of undersea iron.The discovery emerged from water samples collected in a 2007 expedition to map the chemical composition of the ocean between Brazil and Namibia.
4	  DENVER — As he prepared to vote for some of the strictest gun control measures in the country earlier this year, John Morse, a former police chief and president of the State Senate, knew he would infuriate some constituents . There may be a cost for me to pay, but I am more than happy to pay it,  he said in a recent interview.Now, after months of gathering signatures and skirmishing in court, gun activists in Colorado, with the support of the National Rifle Association, have forced Mr.
2	 The question at the center of   Broadchurch,  a British crime drama starting Wednesday on BBC America, is who killed a boy found dead on a beach in the picturesque seaside town of the title . Less of a mystery is why it stars David Tennant as Detective Inspector Alec Hardy. Though relatively unknown in the States, this wiry, energetic Scottish actor has long stood out on Britain's stages and screens.
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — A few cracks sprouted in the moving wall of people following Martin Kaymer and Rory McIlroy in the second round of the P.G.A. Championship . Kaymer and McIlroy, former No. 1-ranked players and P.G.A. champions, had the bad luck to be playing in the morning, in the worst weather . But they had the good fortune to be on the Oak Hill Country Club course at the same time as the noted fan magnet Phil Mickelson, who siphoned enough spectators to create gaps in their gallery, affording Kaymer and McIlroy more room to breathe.
4	  WASHINGTON — Republican leaders on Monday offered a sweeping self-critique of a party they said was in an  ideological cul-de-sac  and needed better outreach and a new brand of conservatism to appeal to younger voters, ethnic minorities and women.But the call for change in preparation for the 2016 presidential election faces a Republican establishment in Washington that has so far shown little interest in altering its political trajectory in the party's continuing battles with President Obama and Democrats .
2	 For the 2001 comedy  Monsters, Inc.  Pixar Animation Studios devised all manner of squishy, creepy, cuddly, fuzzy, wobbly creatures to populate that tale of monsters who harness the energy of human screams to power their city. Now, the film's prequel,   Monsters University,  opening June, takes its familiar lead characters — the short, green, one-eyed Mike and his tall, furry sidekick, Sully, back to school.Several new colorful characters attend the college, but one of the most curious is Art, a purple longhaired hippie-esque monster majoring in new-age philosophy.
3	  WASHINGTON — Builders stepped up home construction in May and applied for permits to build single-family homes at the fastest pace in five years. The gains show housing remained a crucial source of growth for the economy .The overall pace of homes started rose.8 percent in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of,000, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday. That offset part of the.8 percent decline in April. May's rate is still below March's rate of more than one million — the fastest in five years.Construction increased in May for single-family homes, apartments and condominiums.
4	  WASHINGTON — Three days after the 40th anniversary of the decision in Roe v. Wade, the landmark Supreme Court case that legalized abortion, tens of thousands of abortion opponents from around the country came to the National Mall on Friday for the annual March for Life rally, which culminated in a demonstration in front of the Supreme Court building.
1	 Dollo's law, named for the 19th-century paleontologist Louis Dollo, states that evolution always moves forward — that an organism cannot redevelop an organ or attribute discarded by its ancestors. But new research on humble dust mites, the tiny arachnids that live in cushions and carpets everywhere, is challenging the law.Using DNA data to construct an elaborate family tree, two University of Michigan biologists have shown that dust mites — which are not parasites but free-living organisms — evolved from parasites that in turn evolved from other free-living organisms.
2	  Not to sound idiotic or pretentious, but I never start these things to be controversial,  Baz Luhrmann said recently in his Australian drawl. He was pacing around an upstairs room in the Ace Hotel in Manhattan's Flatiron district while tugging at the bottom of a several-sizes-too-small navy blazer he was wearing along with a rep tie, a pressed white shirt, carefully untucked, and shiny brown oxfords without socks.  I never start thinking they're going to be a big deal.
2	 LONDON — Pianists can be bells-and-whistles showmen (Lang Lang, Liberace, Liszt) or soberly remote (Sviatoslav Richter, Rachmaninoff. But by tradition they are the mavericks of the music world, who spend long hours in small rooms poring over solo repertory that turns them into either thinkers or eccentrics. Maybe both. And an example of the thinking pianist (make up your own mind about the eccentricity) is Stephen Hough, whose thoughts take center stage Monday evening in a recital at Carnegie Hall.For the most part Mr. Hough will play classic repertory by Chopin, Schumann and Brahms.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, raising the prospect that the sluggish labor market recovery may have picked up a bit.Initial claims for state jobless benefits dropped,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the Labor Department said on Thursday. The previous week's claims figure was revised to show that,000 more applications were received than previously reported .Last week's drop in claims exceeded economists' expectations for only a,000 decline and pushed first-time filings down to the lower end of their range for this year.
2	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — A conversation with J. J. Abrams is more like a series of interruptions and distractions, punctuated by occasional exchanges of dialogue . The latest diversion to appear on his iPhone screen one evening in March, as he unwound here at the offices of his Bad Robot production company, was a photograph sent by his producing partner, Bryan Burk, of two tip jars side by side on a coffee- shop counter: one labeled   Star Wars,  and the other   Star Trek .
4	  WASHINGTON — When Edward J. Snowden risked prison to go public with classified documents about National Security Agency surveillance, he said he wanted to give the public a chance to weigh in on what he considered an excessive intrusion on the privacy of Americans.It is still unclear whether Mr. Snowden, the 30-year-old former N.S.A. contractor now holed up at a Moscow airport, will escape punishment.
3	 BERLIN — Germany's lower house of Parliament approved the bailout package for Cyprus on Thursday, bringing to an end to months of debate in Berlin. Wolfgang Schäuble, Germany's finance minister, warned lawmakers ahead of the vote that despite its tiny size, Cyprus could still endanger the broader economy of the European Union if its troubles were ignored. We must prevent that the problems in Cyprus become problems for other countries,  Mr. Schäuble said.
3	  BRUSSELS — Days ahead of a summit meeting where leaders of the European Union's 27 member states are to wrestle again with a proposed seven-year budget, a spokesman for the bloc's executive body was forced to defend the salaries of some officials .At a time when many European governments have been compelled to impose stringent budget cuts, the issue of salaries and perquisites for European Union officials has resonated. In November, Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain called on officials in Brussels to share the pain that austerity measures have brought to millions of Europeans.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new homes rose.5 percent in March to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of,000, adding to evidence of a sustained housing recovery at the start of the spring buying season.The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that sales of new homes exceeded February's pace of,000, though they were below January's,000 — the fastest rate since July.New-home sales are still below the,000 pace considered healthy by most economists. But the rate has increased.5 percent from,000 a year ago.Most economists see more gains ahead, as housing is likely to remain a consistent driver of economic growth this year.
1	 SONOMA, Calif. — Under rows of old chicken sheds, Jack Chambers has built an empire of huge metal boxes filled with cattle manure and millions of wriggling red worms. My buddies all had planes and boats,  said Mr. Chambers, 60, a former airline pilot.  I have a worm farm. Mr. Chambers's two decades of investment in what he calls an  underground movement  may be paying off.
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — Five things learned going into Friday's play in the U.S. Open:TIGER TROUBLE: Tiger Woods has gone five years without winning a major championship, and his bid to break that streak didn't start well. Woods played his first 10 holes in 2 over par, and had trouble figuring out the tricky greens at Merion Golf Club . He will come back to finish his first round Friday morning and then begin a second as he tries to rebound and get back to winning majors once again.
0	 SYLVANIA, Ohio — Paula Creamer hasn't won an LPGA Tour event in the past three years.Yet the memories of the times she has triumphed always give her a lift when needed most.Creamer, who won the tournament five years ago when it was known as the Jamie Farr Toledo Classic, shared the lead and top-ranked Inbee Park was lurking nearby Friday after the second round of the Marathon Classic. You know when to step on the gas and when not to,  she said.  When you get a rhythm going out here it kind of takes care of itself.
3	  TOKYO — When Masayoshi Son, SoftBank's chief executive, first visited the Silicon Valley fuel cell start-up Bloom Energy late last year, one word came to his mind: crazy.But the fuel cell technology — which promised efficient, cleaner and increasingly inexpensive   energy in a box  — intrigued him. After several more visits, Mr. Son was convinced that Bloom's sleek fuel cells were a perfect fit for Japan, energy -poor and made even more so by an almost complete shutdown of its nuclear energy program after the 2011 Fukushima disaster .
0	 PARIS — Former champion Svetlana Kuznetsova came out on top of a vintage claycourt tennis match by outplaying German eighth seed Angelique Kerber 6-4 4-6 6-3 to book her place in the quarter-finals of the French Open on Sunday.The 2009 champion from Russia, who is not seeded at Roland Garros for the first time since, set up a meeting with world number one Serena Williams, whom she beat in the last eight the year she lifted the Suzanne Lenglen Cup.
0	  DENVER — The mood lifted in the Knicks ' locker room after Friday night's game here. Raymond Felton said that they had  turned this thing around.  Carmelo Anthony said he could sense  the trust in one another out there.  J. R. Smith seemed relieved that the Knicks were  getting over the hump. But the Knicks did not win. They lost to the Nuggets, 97-95, in crushing fashion, as Anthony's attempt at a buzzer-beating, game-tying jumper was an air ball.
4	 Anticorruption activists have urged President Obama to back a plan to publicly register the owners of shell companies in the United States and around the world, a move they say is essential to thwart corrupt government officials, tax evaders and money launderers who rely on an opaque financial system.The plan, backed by Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain this year, was outlined in letters sent to Mr. Obama last week by two groups of current and former prosecutors and activists . The issue is set to be raised again at the Group of 8 summit meeting of industrialized countries this month.
3	  HONG KONG — The tensions between residents here and mainland Chinese visitors dominate the headlines of the city's papers, with mainlanders blamed for a shortage of school slots, bad manners in stores and a hypercharged property market .So it should come as little surprise that a television show would come along to tap into these anxieties and, perhaps in a gift to the show's producers, also draw the attention of mainland censors.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The International Space Station regained contact with NASA controllers in Houston after nearly three hours of accidental quiet, the space agency says. Officials say the six crew members and station are fine and had no problem during the brief outage.NASA spokesman Josh Byerly said something went wrong around:45 a.m. EST Tuesday during a computer software update on the station. The outpost abruptly lost all communication, voice and command from Houston .Communication was restored less than three hours later, Byerly said We've got our command and control back,  he said.
4	  Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, may have only been trying to support House Republicans, but some comments from Mr. Lee — one of the captains of the effort to defund the health care law — are upsetting the Republican ranks.In an interview with The Salt Lake Tribune, Mr. Lee spoke out in support of a new strategy to pass piecemeal spending bills to reopen the government slowly while working toward concessions from Democrats .He said the House had taken three different stabs at denying funds for, delaying or damaging the health care law, which he ardently opposes.
0	 Closing in on the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs, the Nets wasted little time dispatching the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday, 104-83, at Barclays Center .It was a blowout from the outset, the type of all-around performance the Nets have been pining for at home, thanks to a milestone performance from Reggie Evans, who has suddenly emerged as a fourth offensive threat.With the win and a loss by the Chicago Bulls, the Nets held a three-game margin for the fourth seed .
3	 HERE is what the Transportation Security Administration said its screeners discovered in passengers' carry-on bags at airport security in the seven days that ended last Thursday: 32 guns, 23 of them loaded and seven with rounds in the firing chamber ; eight stun guns; a four-inch knife concealed in a suitcase lining; and an eight-inch tactical spike hidden in a sock.At the airport in Amarillo, Tex.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — After years of ballooning budget deficits, California finally seemed on firmer footing. Unemployment remained high, but revenues and housing prices were up. Taxpayers even voted themselves a tax increase to bring deficits down.And then came the automatic federal budget cuts known as sequestration .As the $85 billion in spending cuts slowly roll out nationwide, California officials are girding themselves for a blow not only to the state's large military industry but also to its nascent economic recovery . Still, experts say, it will most likely slow down, though not derail, the state's economic growth .
4	 This isn't about the town of West, but the devastating fire and explosion there underscore something you might not have known: the vast majority of fire departments in Texas are staffed by volunteers. Texas has,435 registered fire departments, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and.6 percent of them are staffed either mostly or entirely by volunteer firefighters. West is one of those.So let's use the volunteer fire departments for a little thought experiment.
2	 CHICO MacMURTRIE, a Brooklyn-based artist, has been building robots for nearly three decades. His creations do not vacuum the house, teach foreign languages to children or try to take over the world; they were designed to play music, mainly syncopated rhythms, and perhaps evoke some thought about humanity.Most are abstract creatures, from knee high to larger than life size, controlled by a concert of computers, pneumatic actuators and small motors.
2	 These days, Dwight Chapin shoots movies on his iPad . But in the Richard M. Nixon White House, he and his colleagues John Ehrlichman and H. R. Haldeman were Super 8-wielding auteurs, capturing intimate moments that eluded the press corps : Tricia Nixon before her wedding; the president in Beijing enjoying a ballet about a workers' insurrection; Pope Paul VI shot sideways (because Haldeman had smuggled his camera into the Vatican.The images, surreptitious and otherwise, are included in  Our Nixon,  the impressionistic documentary directed by Penny Lane that has its premiere Thursday on CNN .
0	 (Reuters) - Bayern Munich defender Dante and midfielder Luiz Gustavo will miss Saturday's German Cup final against VfB Stuttgart after Brazil told the pair to report for training the same day, the Bavarian club said. Bayern, hoping to complete a Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup treble, accused Brazil of exerting  psychological pressure  on the duo.The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) wanted Dante and Luiz Gustavo to be available 14 days before the Confederations Cup, as stipulated by the rules of world soccer's governing body FIFA. The eight- team tournament starts on June.
3	 LONDON — One of the largest manufacturing plants in Scotland will be closed with the loss of hundreds of jobs, the chemical giant Ineos said on Wednesday, after employees there declined to accept an ownership plan involving pension and job cuts .A spokesman for Ineos said the company told its employees at Grangemouth that it would permanently shut the petrochemical plant at the facility on the Firth of Forth and that  liquidation will start in a week. The move would eventually mean that half of the,300 workers at the site would lose their jobs, said Richard Longden, the Ineos spokesman.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Maneuvering to move up six spots early on the third day of the N.F.L. draft, the typically staid Giants chose Syracuse quarterback Ryan Nassib with a fourth- round pick Saturday, the highest the team has taken a quarterback since it chose Philip Rivers at No. 4 in 2004 and then traded him for the top pick, Eli Manning .If the selection of Nassib was a mild shock, it came with a distinctive paradox. Within minutes, Giants General Manager Jerry Reese said of Nassib,  I hope he never gets to play here.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Like those apocryphal monks who spent the Middle Ages quarreling over the number of angels per pinhead, stand-up comics endlessly obsess over the minutiae of their lives.Perhaps no stand-up obsesses more compulsively than Brody Stevens, a 43-year-old un-funnyman whose canniest career move has been a nervous breakdown. Broadcast live . On Twitter .His most intense fixation — himself — is the subject of a new reality show,  Brody Stevens: Enjoy It!,  an expanded and updated version of an HBO web series, that has its premiere Sunday on Comedy Central .
3	 When the Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka -shing announced succession plans last year for his vast collection of business holdings, he set an example for other wealthy Asian families grappling with similar issues.Under the plans announced by Mr. Li, 85, ownership and management of his Cheung Kong Group will be transferred to his elder son, Victor. Mr. Li's younger son, Richard, will receive funding to continue to build up his own assets.Though Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — A long-simmering dispute over the White House's account of the deadly assault on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, flared up on Friday, with a disclosure of e-mails that show the White House was more deeply involved in revising talking points about the attack than officials have previously acknowledged.The e-mails, which the administration turned over to Congress, show the White House coordinating an intensive process with the State Department, the C.I.A., the F.B.I. and other agencies to obtain the final version of the talking points, used by Susan E.
2	 BERLIN — The lights dimmed as usual as the audience took its seats. Then they went out entirely. A light gleamed briefly as a door opened at the back of the stage, and a figure entered. Then it was as dark as tar again, and the first strains of Bach's Partita No. 2 in D minor sounded. For some 20 minutes, the violinist Amandine Beyer played, and the audience listened to the pure sound.It wasn't, however, a concert with newfangled staging ideas.
3	  SAN FRANCISCO — The destruction wreaked by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines this month has renewed debate on a critical financial question: How can nations best prepare for and respond to natural disasters ?It's a topic that is especially pressing in an age of climate change and population growth . The World Bank, which finds itself perpetually in the midst of disaster-response activities, is helping to back a study to get some answers.The study will focus on the financing programs needed to cope with the risks of natural disasters like hurricanes and earthquakes.
4	  WASHINGTON — The defense contractor Northrop Grumman gave money to the left-leaning Center for American Progress, founded by John D. Podesta, as the nonprofit group at times bemoaned what it called the harmful impact of major reductions in Pentagon spending .Pacific Gas and Electric sent in a donation as Mr. Podesta championed government incentives to promote solar energy and other renewable sources that the California company buys more of than nearly any other utility.
3	  WASHINGTON — The International Monetary Fund, convinced that Europe erred in forcing debtor countries like Greece and Portugal to bear nearly all the pain of recovery on their own, is pushing hard for a plan that would impose upfront losses on bondholders the next time a country in the euro area requests a bailout .Scarred by its role in misjudging the depth of the Greek recession and rebuffed in its attempt to get European governments to write down their Greek loans, the I.M.F.
0	  CLEVELAND — Ubaldo Jimenez and three relievers combined on a shutout and the Cleveland Indians defeated the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0 on Tuesday night .Jimenez (7-4) dodged constant trouble in six innings, allowing five hits with two walks and four strikeouts.Cody Allen, Joe Smith and Chris Perez blanked Toronto over the final three innings. Perez allowed two hits in the ninth, but earned his 10th save as the Indians recorded their American League -leading 11th shutout.The Indians managed only four hits.
1	 Infants may fail to develop a healthy mixture of intestinal bacteria if they are delivered by Caesarean section or do not drink breast milk, researchers are reporting.Previous studies have linked the presence of certain gut microbes to healthy digestion, bowel regulation and stimulation of the immune system. When those microbes are missing or disrupted, people are more likely to suffer ailments like inflammatory bowel disease, asthma, cancer and allergies.Seeking to understand how the microbes are developed in early life, a team of Canadian researchers collected samples (dirty diapers, frozen) from newborns at birth and again at 3 months.
4	  The Deep South was, quite literally, a black and white world in, when Congress approved the Voting Rights Act, sweeping away barriers that kept African-Americans from the polls .And the Supreme Court decision on Tuesday, which struck down a key part of the law, is certain to set off a series of skirmishes over voting regulations between the white Republicans who control Southern state legislatures and civil rights groups seeking to maximize black voter clout.
0	  The Los Angeles Dodgers have not played in the Bronx since they clinched the 1981 World Series at the old Yankee Stadium . It was so long ago that Brian Cashman, who has spent his entire adult life working for the Yankees, was actively rooting against his future employer. Believe me, I know the rivalry,  Cashman said Monday,  because the Dodgers were always on the losing end of it until '.  Cashman was 14 then, growing up in Kentucky among fans of the Cincinnati Reds .
1	 A high school senior who cultivated populations of algae under her loft bed won first place and,000 in the Intel Science Talent Search on Tuesday night .The contestant, Sara Volz, 17, of Colorado Springs, Colo., researched ways to create populations of algae cells with high oil content; this algae oil can be converted into an economically feasible biofuel.
4	 Praising the work of young scientists and inventors at the third White House Science Fair, President Obama on Monday announced a broad plan to create and expand federal and private-sector initiatives designed to encourage children to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics.After browsing the 30 or so projects on display in the White House's public rooms and the East Garden, Mr. Obama said he was committed to giving students the resources they need to pursue education in the disciplines, collectively known as STEM.
0	 (Reuters) - Aston Villa have signed towering Denmark striker Nicklas Helenius from Aalborg, the Premier League club said on Tuesday.The 22-year-old, who stands 6 feet 5 inches tall, agreed a three-year contract at Villa Park after signing for an undisclosed fee. Nicklas is a young lad but also a full international with a good goal-scoring record in Denmark and he'll prove himself in the Premier League,  manager Paul Lambert told Villa's website (www. avfc .com.Helenius scored 16 goals in 33 league appearances for Aalborg last season and has played twice for Denmark.
3	 Gains in energy and chemical companies helped nudge the stock market higher on Thursday.The modest move extends a pattern this week: even with plenty of earnings news from big companies, the broader market has shuffled between minor gains and minor losses.Cabot Oil and Gas and Range Resources reported revenue and earnings that trumped estimates, sending their stocks up 7 percent. Cabot rose.85 to.56. Range Resources rose.34 to.39. Facebook soared 30 percent after reporting earnings late on Wednesday that easily beat analysts' forecasts, thanks to higher revenue from advertisements on mobile devices . Facebook's stock gained.85 to.36.
4	 NOGALES, Ariz. — Flying low along the Mexican line in a Black Hawk helicopter, the United States Border Patrol officer saw surveillance towers rising above the cactus. He saw his agents' white and green trucks moving among the mesquite, scouting for illegal crossers.Far overhead, a remotely guided drone beamed images of the terrain to an intelligence center in Tucson. Pilots cruised in reconnaissance planes carrying radars and infrared cameras that could distinguish a migrant with a backpack from a wild animal from many miles away.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits hit a four-month high last week, suggesting that the labor market recovery may have lost some momentum in March. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the highest level since November, the Labor Department said on Thursday. It cautioned that the estimate was imprecise because the week included Easter.Economists, who had expected claims to drop to,000, said while the rise partly reflected difficulties adjusting the data during the Easter and spring breaks, there was no doubt the pace of job growth had eased.
2	 Now that R&B is rediscovering its experimental fringe, with songwriters like Frank Ocean, Miguel and the Weeknd, the time may be opportune for Bilal, a songwriter from Philadelphia who has been on that fringe since the neosoul boom of the 1990s, when he began extrapolating from Stevie Wonder and Prince. His voice needs no studio aid; it's a full-fledged soul baritone extending toward a supple falsetto.  A Love Surreal  (eOne) is a cycle of slow-burning songs about love — from infatuation and romance through estrangement, loneliness and renewal, from seduction and longing to philosophical serenity.
4	 Jesse L. Jackson Jr ., the former congressman who resigned last year citing ill health, has signed a plea agreement with federal prosecutors who had been investigating his possible misuse of campaign funds, a person familiar with the case said Friday.Details of the agreement were unclear, and possible plea discussions were continuing in an investigation of Mr. Jackson's wife, Sandi, who recently resigned from Chicago's City Council, the person said. Reports of a plea agreement for Mr. Jackson began to surface earlier in the week in The Chicago Sun-Times .Mr.
4	 WINDER, Ga. — The flock of Republican candidates vying to succeed retiring Senator Saxby Chambliss gathered last weekend in this small-town birthplace of Georgia's legendary statesman, Senator Richard Russell, to appeal to the restive electorate .Reverence for Washington — where the name of Mr. Russell, who died in, adorns the oldest Senate office building — was not high on the agenda.  Government is out of control,  said Representative Paul Broun, pledging to rid the capital of the Education Department, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Internal Revenue Service, and, of course, President Obama's health program .
4	  WASHINGTON — Republicans muscled a pared-back agriculture bill through the House on Thursday, stripping out the food stamp program to satisfy recalcitrant conservatives but losing what little Democratic support the bill had when it failed last month. It was the first time food stamps had not been a part of the farm bill since.The 216-to-208 vote saved House Republican leaders from an embarrassing reprisal of the unexpected defeat of a broader version of the bill in June, but the future of agriculture policy remains uncertain.
1	 About 175 million years ago, the ancestors of today's snakes and lizards probably gave birth to live young, researchers reported last week in Ecology Letters.The finding counters a long-held belief that the,000 or so species of snakes and lizards that give live birth evolved only recently, said Alex Pyron, a biologist at George Washington University .Dr. Pyron and Frank T. Burbrink of the City University of New York used DNA sequencing to create an evolutionary tree of more than,000 snake and lizard species. They discovered that today's live-bearing snakes and lizards belong to earlier, more ancient branches of the evolutionary tree.
1	 The laboratory of Vera Gorbunova and Andrei Seluanov, a husband-and-wife team of biologists at the University of Rochester, has the feel of a petting zoo. They maintain colonies of several species of rodents — some familiar, like mice and guinea pigs, and some much more exotic, like blind mole rats from Israel and naked mole rats from East Africa .Amusing children with furry creatures is not their goal, however. The biology of animals is mysteriously diverse, and lurking within it may be clues to new kinds of medicine.Even the strangest creatures may hold a valuable surprise.
2	 SQUAMISH, British Columbia — The people behind  Continuum,  a slick Canadian science-fiction drama recently imported to the United States by Syfy, are very conscious that their growing international audience is a demanding, detail-oriented bunch. But the other day during the filming here of a Season 2 scene that had actors in a drainage tunnel with a roaring helicopter at one end, one detail was beyond anyone's control. Hair continuity is a real problem with the wind tunnel,  Rachel Nichols, the show's star, said after sprinting from the tunnel for yet another take, her long hair hopelessly askew.Ms.
3	 PARIS — French authorities said Wednesday that they fined the local unit of UBS, the largest Swiss bank, 100 million euros, or $130 million — the most possible under French law — over lax internal controls that enabled the bank's sales representatives to help French clients evade taxes . UBS France, based in Paris, and three current and former employees are already facing possible criminal charges on suspicion of having illegally sold banking services in the case, French prosecutors said on June.
1	 In another step toward ending biomedical research on chimpanzees, the National Institutes of Health announced on Wednesday that it would begin the process of retiring most of its chimps to sanctuaries, though it will leave some for possible future research.The decision, which follows the recommendations of an agency advisory group, does not end biomedical research on N.I.H. chimpanzees. But it calls for retiring about 310 animals that the agency owns over the next few years, to sanctuaries from which they cannot be recalled for research.
4	  Staff Sgt . Robert Bales, the soldier charged with killing 16 Afghan civilians in what is considered the deadliest war crime by a single American soldier in the post-9/11 era, will plead guilty to avoid the death penalty, his lawyer said Wednesday.In a brief interview as he rushed into a meeting with Sergeant Bales, John Henry Browne, the lawyer, said military prosecutors at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., had agreed to the plea, which could be made before a military judge next week.A spokesman for the base, Lt. Col.
3	 Next time you're on a plane at takeoff or landing, watch the flight attendant in the jump seat, seemingly lost in thought. Is she idly wondering where she parked her the car at the airport or what's for dinner?Not likely, said Leslie Mayo, a flight attendant for over 26 years. Instead, that flight attendant is probably mentally running through  the 30-second review that's been drilled into our heads,  she said. If you see some of us just sitting there looking out into space, we're probably actually reviewing those safety procedures . You're assessing the cabin.
0	  DENVER — Wilin Rosario doubled and homered to drive in four runs, leading a Rockies offense that batted around in the first and second innings, and Colorado snapped a five-game losing streak by beating the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-1 on Friday night . Francisco Liriano (12-5) bore the brunt of the Rockies' outburst in his first appearance at hitter-friendly Coors Field, allowing a career-high 10 runs on 12 hits in 2 1-3 innings, his shortest outing of the season.
2	 Memorial Day themes and specials will be all over television around the holiday, and the National Geographic Channel gets into the act with offerings that include a special on Monday night called  American Heroes Fishing Challenge,  in which injured veterans compete in a Martha's Vineyard fishing derby . A more conventional tribute comes on Friday night, when the channel broadcasts  Inside World War II,  a three-hour look at that conflict .
0	 NEW ORLEANS — Notwithstanding the imminent dissolution of the existing Big East Conference, or the possibility of what would be a most surprising defeat in the women's national championship game, Louisville Coach Jeff Walz failed to foresee the end of dominance anytime soon for Geno Auriemma and his stalwart Connecticut program. I mean, Breanna Stewart is a freshman, so we're dealing with her for three more years,  Walz said of Connecticut's 6-foot-4 forward, this season's prize recruit, who has already been the Huskies' best tournament player after a tepid regular season .  He's not one to stockpile kids.
3	  MILAN — The holding company that controls 30 percent of Fiat said Monday that it had sold its stake in a Swiss company, a move analysts said was to help prepare for Fiat's eventual purchase of the rest of Chrysler.The holding company, Exor, which is run by a member of Fiat's founding Agnelli family, said it had sold its 15 percent stake in SGS, a Swiss inspection and testing company, to the Belgian conglomerate Groupe Bruxelles Lambert for €2 billion, or.6 billion.
0	  DETROIT — Miguel Cabrera of the Detroit Tigers raised his right arm as he rounded first base, wearing a surprised grin.These days, every swing by Cabrera seems like a potential home run, but he had to admit this one was a little lucky. Cabrera's drive looked like a deep flyout until it popped out of an outfielder's glove and over the wall in Cleveland .When you're going good, you're going good — and nobody in baseball is having a season quite like Cabrera's.
4	  WASHINGTON — House Republicans, shrugging off rising pressure from President Obama, are resolutely opposing new tax increases to head off $85 billion in across-the- board spending reductions, all but ensuring the cuts will go into force March 1 and probably remain in place for months, if not longer.
3	 BALCOMBE, England — Despite the stakes, there was almost a festival spirit in this wealthy little village nestled in the hills of West Sussex. Children buzzed around an open-sided tent by the street and families spread blankets on the tiny village green.What brought them together on Thursday evening, though, was not a spring fair but deep worry. Cuadrilla Resources, a British energy company, is on the verge of drilling an exploratory oil well just down the road. Villagers see it as a possible precursor to the environmentally controversial drilling technique known as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking.
0	 The lights went out. Players bounced together in unison on the herringbone floor for the first time in 18 days. Fireworks shot into the air. The Nets were back in Brooklyn, and a sellout crowd at Barclays Center was treated to a close game and a frenetic finish.When Brook Lopez's baseline jumper spun in and out, the Chicago Bulls had earned a come-from-behind 92-90 victory Thursday. We'll take that shot 10 out of 10 times,  point guard Deron Williams said.  That's his spot on the floor.
0	  NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE, England — The Newcastle versus Liverpool match was about to start, and the police officer at the gate was providing advice for those sitting in the away section, amid several thousand tanked-up Liverpool fans. They might be a little drunker than usual, considering the time of day,  the officer warned, speaking of the away fans (it was:45 p.m.).  Are you a Newcastle supporter? I was not sure. Make sure you're not; you won't have any trouble if you cheer for Liverpool,  he said. He looked concerned.  They're the ones wearing red.
1	  Eugenie C. Scott's journey to the front lines of the evolution wars began in, when James Gavan, a physical anthropologist at the University of Missouri, accepted an invitation to debate Duane Gish, a biochemist and a leader in the creationist movement.At the time, Dr. Scott was a newly minted professor of physical anthropology at the University of Kentucky . Dr. Gavan had been her mentor at the University of Missouri, where she earned her doctorate, so she took a few of her students to Missouri to hear the debate. We were greatly dismayed,  Dr. Scott recalled in an interview.
4	 AUGUSTA, Me. — Temperatures soared into the mid-50s here last week but the capitol building was nonetheless in the grip of a big chill.The governor, Paul R. LePage, a Republican who won office in 2010 with the backing of the Tea Party, has been giving the Democratic leaders the cold shoulder. He has refused to meet or speak with them since the Democrats took back the Legislature in November.The standoff started over the governor's annoyance at being followed by a Democratic cameraman, known as a tracker, who films him at public events.
4	  WASHINGTON — Airlines and airports across the country are preparing for across-the- board federal budget cuts due to hit next week as if they were a hurricane, although with even less certainty about how many flights they will have to cancel and how many passengers will be stranded. The federal government is warning about delays that could begin in March, as the first cuts take effect, and reduced takeoffs and slower security lines that could worsen in April with furloughs.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes the regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills on Tuesday, delayed for the Veterans Day holiday, and an auction of four-week bills on Wednesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.076 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.09 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.04 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKMissouri State Environmental Improvement and Energy Resources Authority, $102.
3	 Cyprus's proposed deposit grab is a bad precedent. Money had to be found to prevent its financial system from collapsing. But imposing a.75 percent tax on insured deposits is a type of legalized robbery. Cyprus should instead impose a bigger tax of on uninsured deposits and not touch small savers .Confiscating savers' money will knock confidence in the banks . Trust in the government will also take a hit, since Nicosia had theoretically guaranteed all deposits to a level of,000, or about,000. Small savers should be encouraged, not penalized.
2	 TAKING Bruckner to the people last month, the compact maestro arrived at a cultural center on the blue-collar outskirts of this city. The hall had the ambience of a glorified high school auditorium, with dust-dry acoustics and concrete walls. But the 400 seats were packed with families and couples and groups of retirement-age friends.That maestro, Yannick Nézet-Séguin, picked up a microphone and spoke to audience members, seamlessly switching from French to English, and reassured them about all the empty chairs onstage for the Bach suite opening the program. For Bruckner, he promised,  you will see all the chairs filled.
2	 The Northside Festival grew out of a simple question posed by its organizers, the brothers Scott and Daniel Stedman, about five years ago . The Stedmans, who founded The L Magazine a decade ago to record the goings on around Williamsburg, realized that every year, many of the musicians, managers and record labels in Brooklyn's indie rock scene were trekking en masse to Austin, Tex., for the South by Southwest music festival, which had become the country's most important forum for new bands. We're sitting in a geographic space, Brooklyn, that is synonymous with what's next,  said Scott Stedman, 36.
4	  MIAMI — Lawyers for a man scheduled to be executed in Florida on Feb. 26 for killing a state trooper filed a motion in federal court on Wednesday arguing that the prisoner had been wrongly denied his final appeal because of a missed filing deadline.If Paul Augustus Howell, 47, is executed next week, he would become the first Florida inmate to die by lethal injection without receiving his final federal appeal, called a habeas petition, since.
1	 PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — Science experiments by the NASA Mars rover Curiosity have been put on hold as engineers troubleshoot a problem with its computer.NASA says the car-size rover is in  safe mode.  In this state, Curiosity suspends science activities but is still in contact with Earth.Engineers discovered a problem with Curiosity's flash memory earlier this week and switched to its backup computer.Curiosity landed last summer in Gale Crater near the Martian equator to examine whether environmental conditions were favorable for microbes.
2	  BOSTON — Robin Thicke was having a smoke behind the Colonnade Hotel here after performing his hit   Blurred Lines   at a radio promotion party when he attracted the attention of some teenagers passing by. They knew he was famous, but they still had trouble placing him. Is that Justin Timberlake ?  a young man asked. Mr. Thicke exhaled smoke and shook his head with a wry smile.  It's Robin Thicke,  Mr. Thicke's manager said.  Can I hug you?  a wide-eyed young woman asked. She ran to Mr.
3	 PARIS — Renault said on Thursday that Carlos Tavares, the automaker's chief operating officer and long considered a possible successor to the chief executive, was stepping down.His departure, which Renault said had been   mutually agreed,  came two weeks after an interview with Bloomberg News in which he suggested that Carlos Ghosn, the chief, was not going anywhere soon.  We have a big leader and he is here to stay,  Mr. Tavares said.
4	 The State of Mississippi rejected on Monday a DNA testing request made by a prisoner scheduled to be put to death Tuesday evening .Willie J. Manning, convicted in 1994 of murdering two college students, had been repeatedly rebuffed in the courts as he sought to have DNA tests performed on certain crime scene evidence. But the most recent requests came about because of two letters sent by the Department of Justice in recent days to the prosecutor who handled Mr. Manning's trial.The letters concerned the trial testimony of an F.B.I.
1	 Saving Chatham: The middle-class enclave of Chatham, on the South Side of Chicago, has struggled to remain stable through the recession . It had done so for decades, but poverty from surrounding areas is closing in. CHICAGO — The neighborhood's best-known restaurants were failing, its crime rate was on the rise, and for the first time that anyone could remember there were foreclosures, with once tidy bungalows sitting empty and dark.For all that, the social scientists studying Chicago neighborhoods in 2010 were betting that the middle-class enclave of Chatham, on the city's South Side, would remain stable through the recession .
3	 PARIS — The European Commission said on Tuesday that it was enacting tough trade sanctions against the Faroe Islands after the tiny North Atlantic territory unilaterally increased its herring quota.The European fisheries commissioner, Maria Damanaki, said in a statement that the European Union was banning the import of herring and mackerel caught in waters under Faroese control, as well as products made from those fish, which make up the greatest part of the territory's exports. In addition, Faroese vessels will be prohibited from unloading their herring and mackerel catches at European Union ports .
4	 The Sikhs of northwestern India have for centuries cherished their rich military history. Wearing long beards and turbans into combat, they have battled Mughals in Punjab, Afghans near the Khyber Pass and Germans in the bloody trenches of the Somme.But when Maj. Kamaljeet Singh Kalsi, an American Sikh raised in New Jersey, signed up for the United States Army, that tradition counted for nothing. Before sending him to officer basic training, the Army told him that he would have to give up the basic symbols of his religion: his beard, knee-length hair and turban.In good Sikh tradition, he resisted.
2	 The  conversation about race  that public figures periodically claim to desire, the one that is always either about to happen or is being prevented from happening, has been going on, at full volume, at least since the day in 1619 when the first African slaves arrived in Jamestown. It has proceeded through every known form of discourse — passionate speeches, awkward silences, angry rants, sheepish whispers, jokes, insults, stories and songs — and just as often through double-talk, indirection and not-so-secret codes .
3	 The stock market bounced back on Tuesday from the previous day's sell-off as strong earnings reports continued to power gains and concerns about Europe's debt crisis eased. The Dow Jones industrial average rose .22 points, or.71 percent, to close at,979.30, erasing a large part of its loss from Monday. The Dow traded above,000 during the day before falling back in the last hour. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained.58 points, or.04 percent, to,511.29. The Nasdaq composite index picked up.41 points, or.29 percent, to,171.58.The rise follows two days of whiplash.
2	 In the vintage home- movie prologue to the writer-director Stuart Zicherman's debut comedy   A.C.O.D.,  a boy's ninth birthday party is ruined by the profane screams of his parents before he can even blow out the candles. Then, in a madcap montage, the divorcing parents, played by Catherine O'Hara and Richard Jenkins, do what modern-day parenting books explicitly forbid: They bribe their children with gifts and force them to choose whom they will live with, while assassinating each other's characters and introducing a dizzying number of new partners and stepsiblings.
4	  Federal and state officials moved Wednesday to strengthen the computer underpinnings of the new online health exchanges, which proved inadequate to handle a flood of consumer inquiries that began as soon as the system opened on Tuesday and continued into the next day.On the second day of the exchanges' operation, users were still encountering long waits, malfunctioning Web pages and messages telling them to try again later, particularly in the 34 states where the marketplaces are being managed by the federal government .
0	 LONDON — The last few heart-pounding strides towards the summit proved the most precarious for Andy Murray as he beat Novak Djokovic to end a 77-year British jinx at Wimbledon on a Sunday that will forever be etched in the nation's sporting fabric. The record books will show an almost routine 6-4 7-5 6-4 win for the boy from Dunblane but the three hours nine minutes it took to finish off a slightly below-par Djokovic felt like an eternity.
2	 In the video for  Crooked,  the K- pop star G-Dragon — effortlessly lissome, his hair Warhol-white — does a lot of running, some staggering, some mean-mugging, some dancing and a little aggressive flirting.But mostly he changes clothes. He cycles through at least two-dozen outfits: a tight cotton-candy -blue double-breasted suit; a drapey leopard-print top; a distressed black motorcycle jacket; a huge black fur coat with a face dyed on the back; a tattered white punk T-shirt with tight chain-festooned jeans straight from Trash and Vaudeville.The song? The song is fine.
1	 Long before people could look upon Earth from afar, completing a full orbit every 90 minutes, the Greeks and the Romans of antiquity had to struggle to understand their world's size and shape. Their approaches differed: the philosophical Greeks, it has been said, measured the world by the stars; the practical, road-building Romans by milestones.
3	  Stocks rose on Friday, with the Standard & Poor's 500 index closing above,800 for the first time and health care companies leading the way. The Dow industrials ended at another high, above,000. Both the Dow and the S.&P. 500 recorded a seventh straight week of gains in what will probably be a strong year for stocks . Since, December has been the best month for both the Dow and the S.&P. We're advising our clients to take this ride until the end of the year,  said Drew Nordlicht, managing director and partner at Hightower San Diego .
2	 How do you solve a problem like French Montana ? For the last couple of years, he's made a cottage industry of lifting bits of old hip-hop songs and redelivering them in his sleepy drawl, a strategy that only intermittently worked on his recent debut album,  Excuse My French  ( Bad Boy /Interscope, which revealed him as the sum of parts but not whole. And yet he remains a regular radio presence, though not via any of his own songs.
4	  CLEVELAND — Three months after her rescue from a quiet house where she had been held captive for a decade along with two other women, Michelle Knight, 31, confronted her abductor, Ariel Castro, 53, in a courtroom here on Thursday, offering an emotional last act to a traumatizing story. I cried every night, I was so alone,  said Ms. Knight, who was 21 when Mr. Castro enticed her into his home in 2002 with the offer of a puppy for her young son.  Days never got shorter. Days turned into nights, nights turned into days.
3	  BRUSSELS — European Union competition regulators said Wednesday they have fined several car parts makers a total of.8 million for taking part in cartels that affected automakers including Toyota Motor and Renault.The sanctions from the European Commission are expected to be the first of several against car parts suppliers, which are under investigation for fixing prices for products ranging from thermal systems to seat belts and ball bearings.American and Japanese antitrust regulators have already levied hefty fines on several parts producers, with more than 10 people jailed in the United States .
0	 NEW YORK — Defending champion Serena Williams beat unseeded Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan 6-3 6-1 on Friday to set up a U.S. Open fourth-round clash with fellow American Sloane Stephens .Four-time U.S. Open winner Williams grabbed the only service break of the first set in the sixth game and immediately seized the advantage by breaking the 78th-ranked Shvedova in the opening game of the second set and charged on to victory.The routine win moved the world number one and top seed into the round of 16 against 20-year-old Stephens, who defeated Williams in the quarter-finals of this year's Australian Open .
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Wednesday announced what he called perhaps his most important economic decision, nominating Janet L. Yellen to lead the Federal Reserve system and be his independent co-steward of the economy, calling her  one of the nation's foremost economists and policy makers . Ms. Yellen, 67, would be elevated from the Fed's vice chairwoman to become the first woman to lead the 100-year-old central bank . The Senate is generally expected to confirm her nomination for the four-year term.For the announcement, she joined Mr.
1	 How should we judge the success of an animal? Philip S. Ward, a biologist at the University of California, Davis, offers what could be called the Picnic Test.  Have a picnic anywhere in the world,  he suggests.  Who would pick up the crumbs? Unless you happen to lay down your picnic blanket in Greenland, Antarctica, or a few remote islands in the Pacific, the answer will be ants. Ants have spread to just about every corner of earth's dry land, colonizing virtually every imaginable ecosystem. By one rough estimate, there are,000 trillion ants on earth at any moment.
3	  BRUSSELS — The struggling economies of France and Italy are out of step with better-performing countries like Germany, raising the prospect of more trouble for the euro zone, the European Union's top economics official warned Wednesday. France and Italy are among the nations in the beleaguered bloc that need to accelerate the policy changes needed to improve their competitiveness and help the euro zone exit a lingering economic crisis, said Olli Rehn, the European commissioner for economic and monetary affairs .
2	 Spring for Music, the annual weeklong festival of North American orchestras at Carnegie Hall, has in its two previous outings felt like a grand celebration. And it undoubtedly will again, beginning on Monday: a celebration of artistic ambition and achievement, of civic spirit and generosity. But this year there are also melancholy undercurrents. The festival has already announced that, having failed to secure sponsorship to continue its financing beyond next year, it will end after the 2014 season.What's more, the Oregon Symphony, the consensus favorite of the 2011 festival with its war-themed program, had to withdraw this year for financial reasons.
3	 The stars could hardly have shone brighter on the prospects for immigration reform than in the early months of.The coalition pushing for change included the oddest of bedfellows — roping together business groups like the United States Chamber of Commerce with the Service Employees International Union, the fastest-growing union in the country. It had an impeccable bipartisan pedigree, including President George W . Bush and Senator Jon Kyl, a staunchly conservative Republican, as well as the Democrats' liberal lion, Senator Ted Kennedy.The economy was growing. The unemployment rate was at its lowest level since the dot-com bubble burst six years before.
4	  WASHINGTON — An inspector general's report issued Tuesday blamed ineffective Internal Revenue Service management in the failure to stop employees from singling out conservative groups for added scrutiny. Congressional aides, meanwhile, sought to determine whether the Obama administration's knowledge of the effort extended beyond the I.R.S. House and Senate aides said they were focusing on an Aug. 4, 2011, meeting in which the I.R.S.
3	  HOUSTON — With the summer vacation season picking up, gasoline prices at the pump are inching higher, a seasonal increase that was underscored by an unusual one-day bump on Friday of 3 cents a gallon.And according to the AAA daily gauge report, the average price of a gallon of regular gasoline is 17 cents more today than just a year ago, at a time when Americans appear to be driving substantially more than last summer.In the last week, the price rose approximately 7 cents, reaching an average.55 on Friday for a gallon of regular grade, the report said.
0	 The enduring, clichéd myth of the Los Angeles Lakers — perpetuated mostly by envious fans in other cities — is that the franchise owes its aura to its surroundings. That Hollywood made the Lakers cool, and the sunshine made them desirable. That the city made the dynasty.The premise is irresistible. Los Angeles is alluring in a way that few places are, a magnet for supreme talent, fame seekers of all types and anyone who loves palm trees . Glitz and glamour are the city's birthright. Stars come. Championships follow.The premise is false. Los Angeles did not make the Lakers great.
0	  BOSTON — They don't even worry about the Red Sox here anymore. Why would they? With another championship, their third in 10 years, the Red Sox have the finances, the farm system and the fan base to succeed for years to come.At Fenway Park, the fans sing their outlook : Every little thing gonna be all right.It is more than the at-bat anthem for Shane Victorino, the sprightly right fielder who drove in four runs Wednesday. After decades of well-founded fatalism, it is now a way of life.With a 6-1 victory over the St .
3	 KEEPING track of travel credit card perks is a chore similar to managing the N.C.A.A. men's basketball tournament office pool, except you can't depend on that guy in the office who understands all those complex brackets. You have to do it yourself.So I was both frustrated and annoyed last week when American Express said that effective in March, my American Express Platinum Card, which has a fee of $450 a year, will no longer get me free access to the airport lounges of American Airlines and US Airways, which have now merged into one giant airline.
4	  WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — A potentially deadly strain of meningitis, which has left one resident brain dead, has sent a shiver through the large gay community here, as public health officials have urged residents to be on the lookout for any symptoms of the disease.Although only one case has been confirmed in the area, officials said, the onset follows an outbreak of deadly meningitis among gay men in New York City. At least 22 men have contracted meningitis in New York since, 4 of them this year, and 7 have died.
4	 In hindsight, it may seem clear that Aaron Alexis, who went on a shooting rampage at the Washington Navy Yard on Monday, posed a threat long before the attack, but most mental health experts say that barring the rare few who declare their intentions, it can be extremely difficult to pick out people who are likely to commit murder. Couldn't someone have predicted this and intervened and saved all these lives?  said Jeffrey W. Swanson, a professor in psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Duke University .
4	  WASHINGTON — Leslie James Pickering noticed something odd in his mail last September: a handwritten card, apparently delivered by mistake, with instructions for postal workers to pay special attention to the letters and packages sent to his home. Show all mail to supv  — supervisor —  for copying prior to going out on the street,  read the card . It included Mr. Pickering's name, address and the type of mail that needed to be monitored. The word  confidential  was highlighted in green. It was a bit of a shock to see it,  said Mr.
4	 AMES, Iowa — On the surface, Iowa's Republican presidential caucuses seem healthier than ever: would-be candidates are flocking here mere months after the last White House race ended, drawing sizable crowds and ample news coverage . Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and former Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania were in this central Iowa college town for a Christian conservative conference this month, and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky has come to the state twice since May.
1	 PEORIA, Ill. — Using plastic fibers and human cells, doctors have built and implanted a windpipe in a 2 ½-year-old girl — the youngest person ever to receive a bioengineered organ.The surgery, which took place on April 9 here at Children's Hospital of Illinois and will be formally announced Tuesday, is only the sixth of its kind and the first to be performed in the United States . It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration under rules that allow experimental procedures when otherwise the patient has little hope of survival.Dr.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — The county courthouse here reopened Friday, the day after it was locked down and closed after the fatal shooting of a lead prosecutor by an unknown killer or killers.The prosecutor, Mark E. Hasse, 57, was shot multiple times on Thursday morning in an employee parking lot about a block from his courthouse office in this small North Texas town southeast of Dallas . The authorities said one or two gunmen got out of a gray or silver sedan, opened fire and then sped away.
2	 In, with the damage from Watergate still raw, who knew what to make of America? Robert Altman did, and he put it on screen — in all its ambiguous, defiantly human glory — in  Nashville.  The country may have been a mess, but the movie isn't. What begins as a seemingly formless ensemble picture assembles itself, scene by loose-jointed scene, into a distinctive shape, a mosaic that puts the political confusion of the era into the context of how people actually live.
3	  Mortgage rates may be inching up, but they have not put a damper on the American housing market's rebound. The Standard & Poor's Case-Shiller home price index on Tuesday showed a 12 percent increase in prices in 20 cities from April 2012 to April, the largest gain since early, when home values began to level off in advance of the market collapse. The rate of new-home sales also picked up to its quickest pace since July.
3	  Stocks rose on Friday, as strong earnings from big companies lifted the Dow Jones industrial average, but the broader Standard & Poor's 500- stock index posted its first weekly loss of the year. The Dow closed up.95 points, or.9 percent, at,000.57, its third-biggest daily gain this year. The S.& P. 500 rose.18 points, also.9 percent, to,515.60. The Nasdaq composite index rose .33, or 1 percent, to,161.82.The S.& P. 500 and Nasdaq closed slightly lower for the week, while the Dow edged higher.
0	  DETROIT — Jim Leyland lay on his couch late Tuesday night, watching the Cardinals - Dodgers game, and thought about his team.The Tigers' bats had gone cold. Their leadoff man could not get on. Their two star sluggers were either hobbled or hitting singles. They had scored six runs in three games and had won only once. He did not want to make a drastic change, but he decided that something needed to change.So Leyland, the Detroit manager, wrote out a new lineup. He showed it to a few people he trusted; his coaches approved; and the players were notified.
0	  FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — A few times each year, Kirby Smart emerges from Nick Saban's shadow to address the news media . Smart likes the shadow. He became who he is there, he is comfortable there, and he is in no hurry to leave. At, he believes he is in the best shadow in all of college football .Smart, the Alabama defensive coordinator, is defined by the success of his defense, not by his personality. Saban, the Crimson Tide's coach, forbids his assistants to talk to the media during the season. Nevertheless, Alabama fans adore Smart.
3	 When the Brazilian billionaire Eike Batista appeared on the Charlie Rose show in, he and his country were on a roll.Brazil's economy, driven by a worldwide commodity boom, grew a blistering.5 percent that year. And Mr. Batista's prodigious holdings — spanning oil, mining, shipping and real estate — were soaring in value. In the interview, Mr. Batista was asked how rich he would become over the next decade. A hundred billion dollars,  he said, an amount that would most likely have made him the wealthiest person in the world.
3	 Philip Hult is the co-chairman of EF Education First, a family-owned education company based in London with operations in 52 countries . The company offers language courses, organizes academic years abroad, and helps place au pairs.Q. A few years ago, you set out to summarize EF's corporate culture in a few points and publish them as a book. Why did you decide to do that?A. Corporate culture is one of the single most important things in a company, but it's incredibly difficult to write down.
1	 Based on the discovery of a single tooth, researchers say they have identified an ancient species of giant platypus. The finding provides new clues about the lineage of the modern platypus.  The fossil record is very, very patchy for the platypus, and these are a unique group of mammals,  said the lead researcher, Rebecca Pian, a vertebrate paleontologist at Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History .
3	  LE BOURGET, France — As the business part of the Paris Air Show drew to a close Thursday — Friday is when the gates open to the public — Boeing and Airbus were totaling up orders here that were worth more than $135 billion between them. It was two and a half times the total orders the two companies collected at last year's show, in Britain.Analysts attributed the higher dollar figures mainly to airlines' renewed interest in the next generation of bigger, and more expensive, wide-body jets.
3	 PARIS — Policy makers are hoping a general election next Sunday in Germany will allow the important business of integrating Europe to finally move forward, but they hardly expect a radical shift in Germany's stance on major issues.From Athens to Lisbon and Paris to Rome, governments want Berlin get behind a banking union and also adopt a more expansionist economic policy to help drive growth and fight unemployment in stagnant euro zone economies .European officials largely expect Chancellor Angela Merkel to win a third term. Many hope that Ms.
2	 Richard Dare made a splash last year as an outspoken entrepreneur turned arts administrator and started work on Jan. 2 as the president and chief executive of the New Jersey Symphony, with the promise that his business acumen would bring it new luster.On Friday, nine days later, he resigned, citing a 1996 case in which he was charged with an  attempted lewd act upon  a 15-year-old girl, whom he later married. In a statement, Mr.
3	 CHANGSHA, China — The crash happened in an instant two years ago, ending 40 lives, injuring 192 people and casting a lasting shadow over the reputation of China's high-speed rail system.When a rainstorm briefly disabled the signaling equipment on a high-speed rail line near Wenzhou in southern China on July, 2011, one high-speed train stopped on a concrete viaduct and the one behind it did not. The stopped train had just started moving forward again when the trailing train smashed into it, spilling shattered cars off the viaduct and 65 feet down into the fields below.
4	 The massacre of children at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., appears to be profoundly swaying Americans' views on guns, galvanizing the broadest support for stricter gun laws in about a decade, according to a New York Times/CBS News poll .As President Obama tries to persuade a reluctant Congress to pass new gun laws, the poll found that a majority of Americans — 54 percent — think gun control laws should be tightened, up markedly from a CBS News poll last April that found that only 39 percent backed stricter laws.
1	  WASHINGTON — Drilling and fracking for natural gas don't seem to spew immense amounts of the greenhouse gas methane into the air, as has been feared, a new study says.The findings bolster a big selling point for natural gas, that it's not as bad for global warming as coal . And they undercut a major environmental argument against fracking, a process that breaks apart deep rock to recover more gas . The study, mostly funded by energy interests, doesn't address other fracking concerns about potential air and water pollution .
4	  WASHINGTON — The National Security Agency conducted a secret pilot project in 2010 and 2011 to test the collection of bulk data about the location of Americans' cellphones, but the agency never moved ahead with such a program, according to intelligence officials .The existence of the pilot project was reported on Wednesday morning by The New York Times and later confirmed by James R. Clapper, the director of national intelligence, at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing . The project used data from cellphone towers to locate people's cellphones .In his testimony, Mr. Clapper revealed few details about the project.
4	  WASHINGTON — For all the attention on the Republican Party 's efforts to attract Latinos, the first test for the party on 2012's lessons learned will arrive this week for a voting bloc that has drifted out of its grasp: women.Restarting a politically tinged debate, the Senate voted 85 to 8 on Monday evening to take up a renewal of the Violence Against Women Act .
0	 Charles H. Ebbets grew up on Spring Street in Manhattan, but he became inextricably linked with Brooklyn by the time he was a young man .Ebbets was a charter employee of Brooklyn's baseball team, as an assistant secretary and handyman, when it played its first game in. Over the years, he gained responsibility for scheduling and other affairs. In the 1890s, he was elected to the State Assembly from Park Slope and later won a race for Brooklyn's City Council .On Jan.
4	 Just a few months after leaving the State Department, Hillary Rodham Clinton has plunged into the lucrative world of paid speechmaking, joining a branch of the family business that has brought the Clintons more than $100 million since her husband left the White House in.For about,000, Mrs. Clinton will offer pithy reflections and Mitch Albom-style lessons from her time as the nation's top diplomat. ( Leadership is a team sport .   You can't win if you don't show up.   A whisper can be louder than a shout.
3	 The mood in financial markets was cautious on Monday as the partial shutdown of the American government entered a seventh day and lawmakers appeared to be making little headway in raising the country's debt ceiling.The Dow Jones industrial average fell 136 points, or.9 percent, to close at,936 on Monday. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 14 points, or.9 percent, to,676, the lowest in a month. The Nasdaq composite fell 37 points, or 1 percent, to,770.
4	  The Boy Scouts of America, which confirmed last summer its policy barring openly gay people from participation, then said last week that it was reconsidering the ban, announced Wednesday that it would postpone a decision once more, until May, as talk of gay men and lesbians in the ranks has roiled a storied organization that carries deep emotional connection and nostalgia for millions of Americans .
1	 NEW YORK — It probably won't become as popular as   Grand Theft Auto,  but a specialized video game may help older people boost mental skills like handling multiple tasks at once.In a preliminary study, healthy volunteers ages 60 to 85 showed gains in their ability to multitask, to stay focused on a boring activity and to keep information in mind — the kind of memory you use to remember a phone number long enough to write it down.All those powers normally decline with age, Dr.
2	 Ron Howard likes to think of himself as one of those chameleon directors, like Billy Wilder and Mike Nichols, who are known not for any one thing, but rather for doing lots of things well.
2	  SEATTLE — The day in May 2012 that Mary Lambert received the phone call inviting her to collaborate with the hip-hop duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, she popped a bottle of Champagne with a saber, kissed the picture of President Obama in her house here, and set to work.Six months earlier, she'd given herself two years to focus on her music career before going to graduate school to become a teacher. Until then, she'd been singing coffeehouse folk pop and had also found success as a spoken-word poet tackling deeply personal subject matter . Macklemore & Ryan Lewis found Ms.
2	 More than any performer of her era, Meryl Streep, 64, has reflected the hopes and fears of her moviegoing contemporaries, who have aged with her and seen their lives reflected in the roles she played, decade by decade.They might be stunned by what they see in her latest portrayal, that of Violet Weston, the diseased harridan of  August: Osage County,  the movie version of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play by Tracy Letts, directed by John Wells.
1	  SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Superstorm Sandy didn't just rattle the East Coast, it also jiggled the ground across the country ever so slightly, scientists reported Thursday . Earthquake sensors located as far away as the Pacific Northwest detected the storm's energy as it surged toward the New York metropolitan region last year. The network typically records the sudden release of energy in the Earth's crust, but it can pick up shaking triggered by ocean waves, mine cave-ins and tornadoes .
4	  HOUSTON — Wendy Davis, the Texas state senator whose filibuster in June against an abortion bill backed by the state's powerful Republicans catapulted her to national political prominence, has told supporters and potential donors that she plans to announce next week that she will run for governor, according to Democrats in Texas and Washington .Ms. Davis's decision has the potential to turn the race to determine Gov . Rick Perry's successor into a rare competitive showdown between long-suffering Texas Democrats and the Republican conservatives who have ruled state politics for decades.
0	 PARIS — Madison Keys came to Paris for the first time last week with a few simple goals. Like all visitors, she and her friends wanted to hit at least one tourist destination, maybe the Eiffel Tower or the Louvre. And because Keys is no normal teenager on a gap-year trip, she wanted to get through the French Open without falling and getting the famous red clay on the muted colors of her clothes. It's, 'Oh my gosh, I'm at the French Open,'   Keys said.  I used to watch it on TV and now I'm here.
4	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — Four people were killed and five wounded on Friday morning as a gunman, dressed in black and carrying an assault rifle, strode across Santa Monica firing at people, cars, a public bus and buildings before being shot and killed by the police at the Santa Monica College Library, the authorities said.The Santa Monica police at first said six people had been killed by the gunman. On Friday evening, Sgt. Richard Lewis said the actual figure was four. One of the victims was said to be in critical condition.
2	 Cultural events are reaching ever-wider audiences through various conduits these days, including HD simulcasts and screenings of operas and plays in movie theaters . Last year an art exhibition received this treatment for the first time. The result was  Leonardo Live,  an HD film tour of the acclaimed (and thronged) exhibition  Leonardo da Vinci : Painter in the Court of Milan,  a blockbuster at the National Gallery in London. It was directed by the documentary maker Phil Grabsky.Now Mr.
3	 A group of state insurance commissioners emerged from a meeting with President Obama and other federal officials on Wednesday saying that state regulators would continue to decide on their own whether to go along with his recent proposal to let consumers keep older insurance plans for an extra year, even if the plans did not comply with regulations under the new health care law.In a conference call with reporters and in a statement issued after the meeting, they said they told the president they would not reach any consensus on what states should do.
4	  BOSTON — For more than 40 years, power and influence fit William M. Bulger like a tailored suit, and his résumé expanded with accomplishment: up from the projects to become a lawyer, the longest-serving president of the State Senate, the president of the University of Massachusetts, a consummate Democratic power broker and a cultural lion in Boston .But he forfeited this legacy long ago, shedding it in exchange for intense loyalty to another Boston power broker, his older brother, James (Whitey) Bulger, the city's notorious crime boss.
2	 When Jean-Luc Godard dedicated his first feature,  Breathless,    to Monogram Pictures, he was thumbing his nose at the critical establishment of. For most of the Anglo-American film writers of the time, it was a self-evident truth that nothing but trash could come from a cash-starved studio like Monogram, with its constant flow of micro-budgeted genre pictures. An important movie required major stars, an acclaimed director, an epic scale and a socially significant subject, qualities conspicuously — almost aggressively — absent in Monogram productions .Today, thanks in no small part to Mr.
1	 How aggressive is the human female? When the anthropologist Sarah B. Hrdy surveyed the research literature three decades ago, she concluded that  the competitive component in the nature of women remains anecdotal, intuitively sensed, but not confirmed by science. Science has come a long way since then, as Dr. Hrdy notes in her introduction to a recent issue of Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society devoted entirely to the topic of female aggression .
4	  ALBUQUERQUE — The decisive defeat of a municipal ballot measure here that sought to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy left anti-abortion forces conceding that some of their tactics had backfired and that they had less support among Catholic Hispanic voters than they had expected.
2	 Asked by a student about her musical inspirations after a recent Baroque master class at Juilliard, the violinist Rachel Barton Pine gestured toward the stickers of heavy metal bands plastered on her violin case .  When they're onstage, they're getting everyone headbanging,  she said.  Within classical music my goal is to do the same thing, to give 150 percent and get everyone caught up in the emotions.  Heavy metal and early music are among the many interests of Ms. Pine, an energetic Chicagoan who plays Baroque violin and viola d'amore with Trio Settecento, her period-instrument ensemble.
4	  WASHINGTON — A record-setting crush of last-minute shoppers descended on HealthCare. gov on Monday, creating long wait times for users and putting new stress on the government's much-maligned health portal as they raced against a midnight deadline to sign up for coverage that will go into effect on Jan . 1.More than one million people had logged on to the site by 5 p.m., officials said, five times more than the previous Monday. The flood of visitors quickly triggered a backup queuing system that invites users to come back during less busy times.
3	 PARIS — Few visitors to Disneyland have a world exposition on their minds as they embark on the 15-minute  It's a Small World  boat ride. But it was for the 1964 New York World's Fair, as the expo was known, that Walt Disney designed the ride.The Eiffel Tower and the Atomium in Brussels are other legacies of the world expos that have showcased technology, architecture and culture every five years since London's inaugural Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations in.Today, though, hosting an expo means much more than buildings.
4	  MILWAUKEE — Less than 48 hours after the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin ignited passions and protests throughout the nation, a jury was selected here for a trial with some striking similarities. The defendant, a white man, shot and killed an unarmed black teenager, in an effort, prosecutors say, to take the law into his own hands.The defendant, John Spooner, 76, did not dispute that he shot Darius Simmons, 13, in May, believing the teenager broke into his house and stole his shotguns two days earlier . Mr.
4	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Hours after one of its police officers fatally shot an unarmed man, the Charlotte -Mecklenburg Police Department made a rare move: it charged the officer with voluntary manslaughter.Most police departments, including the one in Charlotte, usually take weeks — sometimes months — to complete an investigation of a shooting involving an officer . But the decision to quickly charge Officer Randall Kerrick is drawing sharp criticism from police groups and being followed closely by law enforcement departments across the country.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a battle that pits the East Coast against the Midwest over the winds that carry dirty air from coal plants, the governors of eight Northeastern states plan to petition the Environmental Protection Agency on Monday to force tighter air pollution regulations on nine Rust Belt and Appalachian states .The East Coast states, including New York and Connecticut, have for more than 15 years been subject to stricter air pollution requirements than many other parts of the country.
1	 Applying a coating to microscopic objects like bacterial cells or colloidal particles has a wide array of potential applications in medicine and environmental science, like fending off corrosion and making medications go down easier. The trouble is that the process is difficult and expensive.Until now, that is. Writing in the journal Science, researchers in Australia say they have developed a coating technique that is quick, cheap and natural. Using iron ions and a natural polyphenol known as tannic acid, the researchers say they have created thin, nontoxic films that instantly assemble themselves on any number of substances.
3	 In Testimony, Bernanke Knocks Congress : Ben S. Bernanke, the Federal Reserve chairman, said on Wednesday that Congress was the largest obstacle to faster economic growth . WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve's chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, emphasized on Wednesday that the central bank remains committed to bolstering the economy, insisting that any deceleration in the Fed's stimulus campaign will happen because it is achieving its goals, not because it has lowered its sights.Mr.
2	 This time of year, a Sugar Plum Fairy needs to take care of her toes.  Do you mind if I sew my point shoes? Lauren Lovette, her brown hair streaming well past her shoulders in lustrous waves, even manages to look ethereal while mechanically threading a needle. A soloist at New York City Ballet, Ms. Lovette, 22, may be small — she is 5 foot 4 and calls herself  shrimpy  — but her presence is big. She said that Peter Martins, the company's ballet master in chief, has, on occasion, commented on how she is always smiling.
3	 PARIS — Boeing's full-court press to address the risk of battery fire on its flagship 787 Dreamliner jet this year has not slowed progress on the company's other planes in development, including a revamped version of its popular 777 wide-body, Raymond L. Conner, chief executive of Boeing's civil aircraft division, said here on Sunday.But he did acknowledge that the company was struggling to dispel lingering questions among some passengers and pilots about whether the measures Boeing had taken to eliminate those risks were sufficient. It's unfortunate, but it's just reality,  Mr.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — The director of the National Security Agency, Gen. Keith B. Alexander, said in an interview that to prevent terrorist attacks he saw no effective alternative to the N.S.A.'s bulk collection of telephone and other electronic metadata from Americans. But he acknowledged that his agency now faced an entirely new reality, and the possibility of Congressional restrictions, after revelations about its operations at home and abroad.While offering a detailed defense of his agency's work, General Alexander said the broader lesson of the controversy over disclosures of secret N.S.A.
3	 LONDON — Another casualty of Michael O'Leary's irreverent persona, in some analysts' view, has been Ryanair's ambitions to acquire Ireland's struggling flag carrier, Aer Lingus, in which it already owns a 29 percent stake . Antitrust regulators at the European Union — whom Mr. O'Leary, Ryanair's chief executive, has variously dismissed as  twits  and  idiots  — have blocked three takeover attempts by Ryanair since, despite granting approvals to similar combinations in Britain, Spain, Italy and Greece in recent years .
4	  CLEVELAND — Angela H., married with two children, became pregnant accidentally and, after medical complications during her last pregnancy and severe postpartum depression, said neither she nor her family was ready for another child.Under a law that took effect in Ohio this month, the Cleveland abortion clinic she visited had to offer her a chance not only to view an ultrasound of the fetus but also to watch its beating heart, which she said she resented.
0	  MILAN — AS Roma have bought Ivory Coast striker Gervinho from Arsenal for 8 million euros .68 million, the Italian Serie A team said on Monday.AS Roma said in a statement the contract signed with the English Premier League team also included a variable payment of up to.75 million euros linked to Gervinho's performance.The player's contract with AS Roma will run until June, 2017, it said. ($1 = 0.7490 euros
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — A range of economic data on Thursday like claims for unemployment benefits, factory activity and consumer prices pointed to a still-tepid recovery and supported the argument for the Federal Reserve to maintain its monetary stimulus .The Fed is currently buying $85 billion in bonds a month and has said it would keep up purchases until the labor market outlook improves substantially, although officials are increasingly divided over the wisdom of that course. The economy is in a holding pattern .
0	 MADRID — Vicente del Bosque's principle concern going into next year's World Cup finals is that his players might have lost the humility that underpinned recent success, the Spain coach was quoted as saying on Tuesday. Del Bosque led Spain to their first World Cup triumph in South Africa in 2010 and two years later they went on to defend the European crown they won under Luis Aragones in.
1	 The prunelike wrinkles that result from a long, hot bath may have an evolutionary purpose, researchers say.Writing in the journal Biology Letters, the scientists report that wrinkled fingers and toes allow a better grip on wet objects — so they may have evolved to give early humans an advantage in wet conditions. People are about 12 percent quicker  at moving wet objects, said an author of the study, Tom Smulders, an evolutionary biologist at Newcastle University in England,  if their fingers are wrinkled than if their fingers are non-wrinkled.
4	 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The lieutenant governor of Florida, Jennifer Carroll, abruptly resigned on Tuesday, the result of a criminal investigation into an Internet sweepstakes company for which she once served as a consultant .Ms. Carroll, 53, the first African-American woman to serve as lieutenant governor in Florida, had soared in state Republican politics in the past decade . But her tenure as lieutenant governor has been marred by scandal and poor judgment, and Ms. Carroll was increasingly viewed as an embarrassment to the man who chose her for the job. Gov . Rick Scott .
4	  WASHINGTON — The federal government's three-year prosecution of five former officials of Blackwater Worldwide virtually collapsed on Thursday after charges against three of the officials were dismissed and the other two agreed to plead guilty to reduced misdemeanor charges with no jail time. Judge Louise W. Flanagan of Federal District Court in North Carolina dismissed all charges against two of the officials, Andrew Howell, Blackwater's former general counsel, and Ana Bundy, a former vice president ; prosecutors agreed to drop charges against a third, Ronald Slezak, a former weapons manager.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — The contents of a storage unit — and the former elected official who had an associate rent the shed for him — have become central to the investigation into the murder of two prosecutors here. Investigators arrived on Saturday at Gibson Self Storage in Seagoville, 20 miles from the parking lot where a prosecutor was shot and killed in January. It is also 14 miles from the house where the Kaufman County district attorney and his wife were found shot to death in March.
0	 (Reuters) - Andros Townsend faces a spell on the sidelines after the Tottenham Hotspur winger injured his hamstring in Wednesday's 2-1 League Cup quarter-final defeat to West Ham United, according to the London club's caretaker manager Tim Sherwood.Townsend suffered the injury in the 73rd minute and was immediately substituted, and Sherwood, who replaced the sacked Andre Villas-Boas on Monday, fears the 22-year-old England international could be ruled out for some time. It looks like it,  he was reported as saying by the BBC.  It looks like he pulled up with a hamstring.
0	 (Reuters) - Heavy snow created all sorts of problems in four of the National Football League ( NFL ) games being played on Sunday as a frigid winter storm pushed up the East Coast . Running backs Reggie Bush of the Detroit Lions and Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings both were injured in the snow .Bush suffered a calf injury while slipping during his warmup at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia and was ruled out of his team's game against the Eagles .
3	 ONE thing most retirees want to avoid is outliving their money . Since the mid-1990s many of them have relied on a staple of retirement planning known as the 4 percent rule to avoid that. Although the name says 4 percent, the rule is that if retirees withdraw.5 percent of their savings every year, adjusted for inflation, their nest egg should last 30 years, the length of time generally used for retirement planning.That percentage was calculated at a time when portfolios were earning about 8 percent. Not so anymore. Today portfolios generally earn much less, about.
3	 WHEN I was practicing medicine, I used to give lectures all over the world. Now, most of my travel is focused on developing medical education programs and attending scientific congresses, as well as researching books that I write.I'm kind of a control freak. That's not good, especially when traveling for business, when everything that can go wrong often really does.I was in Bali, Indonesia, and my trip was going very well until about the third day, when my laptop computer broke down.
3	  DETROIT — American automakers said on Wednesday that sales of pickup trucks rose sharply in April because of a revival in the housing market and increased demand from the oil and gas industry .The boom in truck sales fed double-digit sales growth at all three Detroit automakers and kept the industry on track to sell more than 15 million vehicles this year.Over all, the industry sold.28 million new vehicles during April, an.5 percent improvement over the same month a year ago, according to the research firm Autodata.
2	 When Mark Duplass and I first started dating in, we had one of those nights where you break off from your friends, buy some cheap wine and stay up watching old movies and listening to records. And we stumbled onto a DVD of  Stand by Me. We quickly shut up, stopped making out and just watched. A very specific mood came over us. It's hard to describe, but it was an odd combination of reverence and nostalgia.When it was over, we tried to figure what it was about this movie that was so captivating.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Tuesday unanimously ruled that federal courts should not automatically suspend postconviction challenges from death row inmates who are mentally incompetent to help their lawyers . The decision left open the possibility that such suspensions may sometimes be warranted, but it said that they should not be indefinite. Where there is no reasonable hope of competence,  Justice Clarence Thomas wrote for the court,  a stay is inappropriate.
3	  BRUSSELS — The lawmakers of the European Union gave austerity a poke in the eye Wednesday by overwhelmingly rejecting the bloc's proposed budget of €960 billion in its current form .E.U. leaders deadlocked over the seven-year plan in November but finally reached a deal last month after a 24-hour marathon of talks that resulted in spending cuts for the first time in the Union's history.
4	  The Boy Scouts of America is reaching out to parents and scouts as it decides whether to continue or rescind the group's ban on gay members and leaders . Surveys went out in recent days to.1 million scouts and their families around the nation.The questionnaire goes far beyond a simple yes or no, gays in or gays out. Even sleeping arrangements are addressed.
3	 PARIS — Prosecutors have placed three senior Ikea executives in France under investigation amid allegations that they authorized illegal spying on employees and customers .The well-publicized case has raised uneasy questions here about the sharing of data between law enforcement and businesses . French prosecutors said this week that the chief executive of Ikea France, Stefan Vanoverbeke, and two other people were being investigated for possible involvement in a conspiracy to collect a range of personal information, including criminal records, automobile registrations and property records.
2	 AUSTIN, Tex. — When the South by Southwest music festival started here 26 years ago, it was known as a place to discover new bands, a fertile hunting ground for booking agents and scouts for labels. These days indie labels and booking agents generally use the festival to promote the artists they have already signed, like vendors at a trade show. The major labels do too, often booking several shows for musicians they have just signed to contracts in hopes of generating excitement for debut albums. Every year a few major stars who have new releases out also make appearances.
4	 Then with a single speech delivered as President Obama looked stonily on, he was lofted into the conservative firmament as its newest star: a renowned neurosurgeon who is black and has the credibility to attack the president on health care .In his speech at the National Prayer Breakfast last month, Dr. Carson criticized the health care overhaul and higher taxes on the rich, while warning that  the P.C. police are out in force at all times.
2	 One dance club, Pacha, has dominated the Spanish party paradise of Ibiza since the 1970s. Built on former marshland, this island disco and its all-night parties have become global symbols of hedonistic glamour, and the business has expanded to Buenos Aires, New York and beyond.Lately Pacha's profits have soared along with the growing popularity of electronic dance music . But so have the fees demanded by the top D.J.'s, to the annoyance of Ricardo Urgell, the 75-year-old Pacha patriarch who runs the club as a family business . Last year he decided that enough was enough.
4	 Just as we think we know what an abuser looks like, we think we know what an abusive religious community looks like. We may think it is highly insular — like the Satmar Hasidic community in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, a prominent member of which was convicted last month of sexually abusing a young girl sent to him for help.
2	 Forty years ago this summer, Bruce Lee died unexpectedly of a cerebral edema in the Hong Kong apartment of a colleague. The New York Times ran only a brief, news agency obituary for the 32-year-old actor and martial artist, who had been given star billing in only three, modestly budgeted Hong Kong films by the time of his death. But in a sense, his career was just beginning.
2	 Grecchinois, the name of Nicholas Phan's engaging blog, reflects the Greek and Chinese heritage of this 34-year-old American tenor, who has fast made a name for himself as an expressive interpreter of the British composer Benjamin Britten. Raised Greek Orthodox in Ann Arbor, Mich., Mr. Phan, who initially studied the violin and played in a youth orchestra, discovered Britten when he played his  Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra.
2	  LOS ANGELES — It was the middle of, and hardly anyone was particularly worried about the zombie apocalypse.But Paramount Pictures saw it coming.In June of that year, Paramount joined Brad Pitt's Plan B Entertainment in acquiring film rights to the book   World War Z : An Oral History of the Zombie War.  Its author, Max Brooks, building on his own successful  Zombie Survival Guide  from three years earlier, had taken a novel approach, using fictitious interviews to create the story of a world overrun by zombies.
1	 LOTHIAN, Md. — For weeks, Al Luckenbach puzzled over the bones surfacing in the pit atop the Patuxent River bluff here. They were hard to identify: fragments and shattered splinters, unlike the intact animal bones heaped in the nearly,000-year-old feast site down the hill.Then the scrape of a trowel tip uncovered a human tooth in the dirt among the crushed pottery and broken spearheads. Two more followed, and a startling realization emerged with them: the bones on the hilltop were human, with marks suggesting they were deliberately smashed as part of a prehistoric ritual.
3	 AOL, the giant online portal turned media company, on Tuesday reported third-quarter revenue of $561 million, up 6 percent from a year earlier.The growth was driven by an increase in the sale of premium and programmatic advertising, largely in video.But the results were clouded by revamping and other costs associated with Patch, AOl's troubled hyperlocal news network . AOL had pretax restructuring costs of $19 million and noncash intangible asset impairments of $25 million related to Patch.The weakness weighed on profit . Net income dropped 90 percent, to $2 million .
1	 The Hollywood director James Cameron is donating the craft that he built and last year rode into the sea's deepest spot to the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, as part of a new collaboration meant to speed ocean exploration, the partners announced early Tuesday.The undersea craft, which cost Mr. Cameron, the maker of hit movies like  Titanic  and  Avatar,  roughly $10 million of his own money, will be used mainly to aid the design of advanced vehicles and technologies, rather than for routinely carrying scientists into the sea's depths.The announcement comes on the first anniversary of Mr.
2	 Everyone loves a good a mystery — even music journalists . Early last year they got one, when a band called Rhye began posting recordings on the Internet . Information about Rhye was scarce; the group's singles arrived online with alluring promotional photographs — a woman's bare back, a woman's bare torso — and meticulously produced videos, but no images of the musicians themselves.The music held its own mystery.
2	 If there had been room in his camper, John Steinbeck once wrote, he would have packed all 48 volumes of the American Guide series. Compiled in the 1930s by the Federal Writers' Project, part of the artistic wing of the Works Progress Administration, the guides provided state -by- state accounts of local history geared toward tourists in cars. In the middle of the Depression, the Writers' Project retained more than,600 unemployed workers, ranging from up-and-coming luminaries like Saul Bellow and Richard Wright to schoolteachers and ditch diggers, who gathered information about their hometowns and spun it into legend. If W.P.A.
0	 ENGLEWOOD, Colo. — Von Miller is happy to show off the shiny, white, personalized high-tops he will wear in Saturday's playoff game against the Baltimore Ravens . I'm feeling kind of D. Rose-ish,  he said.Or to discuss his collection of 32 eyeglass frames, many of which, like the red, square, vintage Persol frames that are a personal favorite, were picked up during two-hour shopping trips to a store in Manhattan's SoHo neighborhood.But to get Miller, one of the N.F.L.'s best pass rushers, to talk with the speed and enthusiasm with which he pursues quarterbacks, only one topic will do.
0	  MANCHESTER, N.H. — Carmelo Anthony interrupted an otherwise uneventful trip to New England by disclosing that he had taken a  huge risk  by opting against off-season surgery on his left shoulder . If I'd gotten surgery, I probably wouldn't have been able to start the season,  Anthony, who had a torn labrum and torn rotator cuff, said Saturday night before the Knicks were blown out by the Boston Celtics, 111-81, in a preseason game at Verizon Wireless Arena.  I'd have been out four, maybe five months due to the severity of the tear I had.
4	 The Las Vegas Sands Corporation, the casino company controlled by Sheldon G. Adelson, a major Republican donor, has agreed to pay the federal government more than $47 million to resolve a money-laundering investigation that cast an unwanted glare on Mr. Adelson and his gambling empire during the presidential campaign last year.The agreement with the United States attorney's office in Los Angeles, announced on Tuesday, means the Sands will not be prosecuted in the case . It ends one of two federal inquiries that came into public view last year when Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The federal government has been secretly collecting information on foreigners overseas for nearly six years from the nation's largest Internet companies like Google, Facebook and, most recently, Apple, in search of national security threats, the director of national intelligence confirmed Thursday night .The confirmation of the classified program came just hours after government officials acknowledged a separate seven-year effort to sweep up records of telephone calls inside the United States . Together, the unfolding revelations opened a window into the growth of government surveillance that began under the Bush administration after the terrorist attacks of Sept.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona likes President Obama, voted to give him the authority to strike Syria, supported the comprehensive immigration legislation favored by the White House, and works comfortably with members of the opposing party .The six-term House Republican, who is now serving his first term in the Senate, also is a rock-ribbed conservative, especially on economic and fiscal issues . He has been a darling of the Club for Growth ; before going to Congress, he ran the Goldwater Institute in his home state .
4	  WASHINGTON — For much of the last decade, Senator Charles E . Schumer 's job was to bury Republicans, as one of his party's most ruthless strategists and tireless fund-raisers . It was a job he did so effectively that he was asked to do it twice.But to watch Mr. Schumer operate these days, it would seem he has managed to get some Republicans to forget. There are now regular early-morning chats on immigration reform with Marco Rubio in the Senate gym.
0	 WACO, Texas — Kenny Chery scored 12 of his 20 points in overtime and No. 12 Baylor returned from an extended break with a 91-84 victory over Northwestern State on Wednesday night .Chery had a steal in the first minute of overtime after Sabri Thompson lost control of the ball. Chery picked it up and drove to make a tough short jumper while being fouled. He shouted out while still sitting on the court after the ball went through the hoop to put the Bears (9-1) ahead to stay. He added the free throw .
4	  JOINT BASE LEWIS-McCHORD, Wash. — Staff Sgt . Robert Bales, who pleaded guilty to slaughtering 16 Afghan civilians inside their homes, will spend the rest of his life in prison, a military jury decided on Friday.The decision came after three days of wrenching testimony that painted a moment-by-moment, bullet-by-bullet account of one of the worst atrocities of the United States' long war in Afghanistan .The six-member military jury considering Sergeant Bales's fate had two options: sentence him to life in prison with no possibility of parole, or allow him a chance at freedom after about 20 years behind bars.
3	 The anemic economy has left millions of younger working Americans struggling to get ahead. The added millstone of student loan debt, which recently exceeded $1 trillion in total, is making it even harder for many of them, delaying purchases of things like homes, cars and other big-ticket items and acting as a drag on growth, economists said.Consider Shane Gill, a 33-year-old high-school teacher in New York City. He does not have a car. He does not own a home. He is not married.
1	 The Falkland Islands wolf, long extinct, is the only land-based mammal native to the islands. European explorers in the 17th century were puzzled by the presence of this lone mammalian species, as was Charles Darwin.Now, researchers writing in Nature Communications suggest that the wolf traveled across a thin, shallow strait from the mainland to the islands during the last glacial maximum. During this period, about,000 to,000 years ago, the strait would periodically freeze over.
4	 A bill advancing through the Texas Legislature could drastically decrease the number of legal abortion facilities in the state . Supporters of Senate Bill, which would increase regulations for abortion facilities, say it will improve women's safety. But abortion rights advocates say that the bill is a thinly veiled effort to close 37 of the state's 42 abortion facilities, and that it would reduce women's access to legal abortion .
3	  Standard & Poor's won a ruling on Thursday that moves 15 lawsuits in which it and its parent company, McGraw-Hill Financial, were accused of fraudulently inflating credit ratings to one federal court .The lawsuits by 14 states and Washington were moved to New York, where they will be overseen by Judge Jesse M. Furman of Federal District Court in Manhattan . The United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation decided on the move, which it said it would promote efficiency .
0	 GLENDALE, Ariz. — Ryan Mathews is off and running this preseason, great news for the San Diego Chargers .Mathews, slowed by two broken collarbones a year ago, carried 14 times for 57 yards and a touchdown, and the Chargers beat the mistake-prone Cardinals 24-7 for their first preseason victory under new coach Mike McCoy.Mathews' performance came a week after he carried nine times for 45 yards against Chicago .The Chargers blocked a punt, blocked a field goal and returned a fumble for a touchdown.
3	 AFTER two difficult years, emerging-market stock funds posted solid gains in the third quarter, raising hope that this once-highflying asset class may be ready to rebound.Yet many strategists and money managers caution investors not to get too excited.For starters, the return of.2 percent. on average, for these funds still lagged behind the third-quarter gains of mutual and exchange-traded funds that focus on domestic, European or Japanese stocks . What's more, fundamental factors are likely to keep challenging developing economies like China, India and Indonesia, money managers said.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — It's all up to Hubble.NASA said Monday that the Hubble Space Telescope is the best bet for figuring out whether Comet ISON disintegrated during its brush with the sun last week.A pair of solar observatories saw something emerge from around the sun following ISON's close approach on Thanksgiving Day. But scientists don't know whether the spot of light was merely the comet's shattered remains or what's left of its icy nucleus. Either way, by now, they say it may be just dust.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama said in an interview broadcast Tuesday that he did not believe that North Korea yet had the ability to miniaturize a nuclear weapon to fit atop a missile, and he said nothing would shake him from a strategy of refusing to  reward  the kind of provocative behavior exhibited by Kim Jong-un, the North's leader.Mr.
0	 MADRID — Barcelona extended their winning start to their title defence to six games when Neymar scored his debut La Liga goal and Lionel Messi netted his seventh of the season in an entertaining 4-1 victory at home to Real Sociedad on Tuesday.While Barca fans were treated to some breathtaking skill at the Nou Camp on the 56th anniversary of the inauguration of Europe's biggest stadium, Atletico Madrid gave another indication they may be challenging for the title come the end of the campaign with their sixth win in six matches.
3	  TOKYO — As Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner returns to the skies, Japanese pilots are nervous about whether they would receive enough warning about any hazards with the jetliner's new battery system.Toshikazu Nagasawa, the director at the Air Line Pilots' Association of Japan, said on Tuesday that some pilots remained concerned about the changes Boeing made to the 787's lithium-ion batteries after two incidents involving smoke or fire led to the grounding of the fleet early this year.Mr.
2	  Ben Affleck caught some flak earlier this year when, in the course of his Oscar-night thank-yous, in front of a billion of his closest friends, he referred to his marriage to Jennifer Garner as  work.  Matrimony, at least among the famous, is not supposed to be that way. It is either a magical storybook dream, breathlessly chronicled in supermarket magazines, or else, in those same pages a few years later, a train wreck of betrayal and heartbreak. Hollywood marriage, like so much else in modern celebrity culture, is both aspirational and cautionary.Mr.
0	  Alex Ovechkin scored three goals in a game for the first time since Jan. 22, 2011, leading the last-place Washington Capitals to a much-needed victory, 5-1 over the visiting Devils . All I can tell you is that we have to find a way to slow him down and stop him,  Devils Coach Peter DeBoer said,  and we didn't do that. Ovechkin has been something less than the player who stormed into the N.H.L. by averaging 53 goals in his first five seasons and winning two Most Valuable Player awards.
2	 Keanu Reeves shuffled onto the terrace of a high-rise in the financial district of Manhattan, tossed a rumpled pack of American Spirit cigarettes and a half-eaten Clif Bar on the coffee table, and gingerly lowered himself onto the couch. Tall, with scruffy beard and mustache, he'd returned to this temporary home fresh from intense fight training for his next project, a thriller called  John Wick.  With wisps of gray visible in the long, dark brown hair, the 49-year-old Mr.
0	  OAKLAND, Calif. — Henry Blanco hopped on a cross-country flight from Miami first thing Friday morning for his fresh start out West with the Seattle Mariners — still a big leaguer as he approaches his 42nd birthday in August.And what a memorable Mariners debut he delivered — with the bat, behind the plate catching ace Felix Hernandez, and even in a spontaneous mound visit.
3	 More problems for Boeing's new 787 Dreamliner sent the aircraft maker's stock down sharply on Wednesday, dragging the Dow Jones industrial average lower.Japan's two biggest airlines grounded all their 787s for safety checks on Wednesday after one was forced to make an emergency landing . The plane has been plagued by a series of problems this year, including a battery fire and fuel leaks . Boeing's stock sank.60 to.34, a loss of 3 percent.The Dow lost.66 points to close at,511.23. Without Boeing's drop, the Dow would have ended the day nearly flat. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index inched up.29 to,472.63.
3	  VATICAN CITY — The Vatican bank, dogged for decades by scandals and opaque dealings, on Tuesday published the first annual report in its 125-year history.The report covered, a tumultuous year in which the bank's president was ousted in a boardroom battle and leaked documents revealed internal disagreements on how the bank should be run.The bank's new president, Ernst von Freyberg, said the 100- page report was an attempt to meet the commitment to transparency that Catholics around the world  rightfully expect.
2	 If I could travel back in time to anywhere, I'd travel back to our family living room in the North of England, Christmas Day, somewhere around. When we were all well. When we were all alive. And we'd be watching  White Christmas  together. Bindy, Mandy, Jamie, Mum and me. And Dad, who loved Bing Crosby with all his heart.TV wasn't time-obedient then, so you had to take it when you could — but sparkling early morning, fat post-lunch afternoon or dozy evening,  White Christmas  was always on, in all its blazing delight.
4	  BOSTON — With less than two weeks before Massachusetts voters go to the polls to elect a new senator, President Obama campaigned here on Wednesday to try to stir up enthusiasm for Representative Edward J. Markey. I need Ed Markey in the United States Senate,  Mr. Obama declared to a cheering crowd of a few thousand people at Roxbury Community College . He said Mr. Markey would  carry on the legacy of John Kerry and Ted Kennedy  and  be my partner.  The special election is to fill the seat of Mr.
3	 PARIS — The unemployment rate in the euro zone edged up in January to another record, official data showed on Friday, as the ailing European economy continued to weigh on the job market .That, along with new data showing a decline in inflation in the euro zone, could prompt the European Central Bank to take steps to stimulate the economy when its governing council meets on Thursday, analysts said. Unemployment in the 17-nation euro zone climbed to.9 percent in January from.8 percent the previous month, according to Eurostat, the statistical office of the European Union .
0	 P. J. Carlesimo is a coach of many words, with a knack for weaving expansive answers out of mundane questions, and even longer soliloquies when the subject is complex. Assessing the Nets ' prospects at the All-Star break took a lot of words, even by Carlesimo's standards, perhaps understandably.There is no simple explanation for the Nets' season to date, a 53-game stretch in which they have looked both dominant and listless, resilient and inept, with long winning streaks, long losing streaks, 25-point losses and sudden, random shifts in personality.
4	  Median household income has begun to recover over the last two years, but households still have not come close to regaining the purchasing power they had before the financial crisis began, a new study says.The study, issued on Wednesday by two former Census Bureau officials, suggests why many people remain glum even though the economy is growing and unemployment has declined.Although median annual household income rose to,100 in June, from its recent inflation-adjusted trough of,700 in August, it remained,400 lower — a.4 percent decline — than in June, when the recession ended . This drop, combined with the.
3	  DETROIT — Just a few years ago, as it plunged into bankruptcy, Chrysler was a wreck of a company . But strong sales and hot new products have made the automaker the envy of Detroit .And Chrysler's unlikely revival is accelerating, leaving General Motors and the Ford Motor Company scrambling to catch up.Chrysler, the smallest of the American automakers, kicked off the annual Detroit auto show on Monday with new versions of its Grand Cherokee and Compass S.U.V.'s. The two Jeep models have helped propel the company's strong sales growth since its government bailout and bankruptcy in.
3	 FRANKFURT — Record youth unemployment is emerging as the most urgent problem in the euro zone, if the political rhetoric of recent days is any measure. But leaders are struggling to come up with effective ways to prevent jobless young people in countries like Spain and Greece from becoming a lost generation and source of social upheaval .One proposal, floated in a German news report Monday, would use a development bank owned by the European Union to funnel credit to companies that create jobs for young people in the euro zone, nearly a quarter of whom are without jobs .
3	 Strong third-quarter results from technology companies drove investors into stocks on Friday, giving the market its third straight weekly gain.After reporting results that topped expectations, Microsoft rose 6 percent and Amazon.com rose 9 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index set a record. And the Nasdaq is the highest it has been in 13 years.The gains were broad. All 10 industry groups in the S.& P. 500 rose, led by telecommunications with an increase of 1 percent. The Dow rose .07 points, or.4 percent, to close at,570.28. The S.& P. 500 rose.70 points, 0.4 percent, to,759.77. The S.& P.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — A strengthening housing recovery and robust auto sales contributed to moderate economic growth across the United States in late February and March, according to a Federal Reserve survey released Wednesday . Growth was moderate or modest in all of the Fed's 12 banking districts, and it accelerated in two — New York and Dallas — from January and early February.The survey suggested that the economy performed better in March than some government data on hiring and consumer spending had indicated. That could mean the economic weakness might have been temporary.
1	 The meteor that exploded over Russia on Friday set off the largest explosion of its kind in more than a century, at least according to Western scientists. And even more unusual for a meteor, it caused numerous injuries, mostly from flying glass, as the shock wave violently jolted the city of Chelyabinsk below.It hit on the same day that astronomers were watching another larger rock miss Earth by just,200 miles, and experts scrambled to understand the two rare cosmic events.Some initially speculated that Earth was passing through a swarm of asteroids, but the Russian meteor came from the other direction.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Internal Revenue Service official who tried to temper efforts to target conservative groups and then made the issue public will plead her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and decline to testify at a House hearing on Wednesday.The official, Lois Lerner, who heads the I.R.S.'s division on tax-exempt organizations, is scheduled to appear before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, whose leaders have accused her of lying to them. The committee's chairman is Representative Darrell Issa, the California Republican who helped start the investigation of I.R.S.
3	 A federal judge has invalidated the central patent underlying a noninvasive method of detecting Down syndrome in fetuses without the risk of inducing a miscarriage.The ruling is a blow to Sequenom, a California company that introduced the first such noninvasive test in 2011 and has been trying to lock out competitors in a fast-growing market by claiming they infringe on the patent.
4	  WASHINGTON — One was a Black Hawk pilot in Iraq who left the Army after she lost out on the chance to advance to an elite Special Operations helicopter combat unit because it was off limits to her as a woman.Another was a Marine captain who went on infantry foot patrols in some of the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan, but left active duty after she decided that her only future as a woman in the Marines was a lifetime of logistics or support units.
0	 EL SEGUNDO, Calif. — On the second day of the N.H.L.'s truncated training camps, six news vans and satellite trucks parked in the lot of the training center shared by the Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Lakers . The defending Stanley Cup champion Kings finished their Monday morning practice outside the glare of the television cameras .
3	 The Indonesian central bank raised its interest rates on Thursday, in a desperate effort to shore up a currency that has been badly hit by the recent sell-off in emerging markets worldwide.The Indonesian central bank's decision, announced at a hastily called board meeting, raised the benchmark rate by half a percentage point, to 7 percent, and highlighted the increasing pressure that many of the world's largest developing economies have faced while market sentiment has withered.
3	 PARIS — Unemployment in the European Union was unchanged in August from a month earlier, official data showed Tuesday, adding to hopes that joblessness might have peaked.The jobless rate in the 17-country euro zone was 12 percent, the same as in July, Eurostat, the statistical agency of the European Union, reported from Luxembourg. That was a tick better than the.1 percent rate expected by economists.The jobs data came on the eve of the European Central Bank policy meeting, to be held Wednesday in Paris.
1	 NASA astronauts on Tuesday completed urgent repairs to the cooling system of the International Space Station that should return it to normal operation within a few days.In a seven-and-a- half-hour spacewalk, their second in four days, the astronauts, Col. Michael S. Hopkins of the Air Force and Richard A. Mastracchio, installed a new pump module on the outside of the space station .The module, a 780-pound box about the size of a refrigerator, contains a pump and accompanying apparatus that circulate ammonia coolant through one of two loops on the station.
4	 Liberal and Democratic-leaning groups, facing difficult midterm elections next year without the technological muscle of the Obama campaign behind them, are preparing a major effort to improve their data infrastructure . George Soros, the retired hedge fund billionaire and longtime patron of liberal causes, will invest.5 million in the effort, officials involved with the plan said. His participation is a signal that some of the wealthy donors who arrived late to the Democrats'   super PAC   efforts in 2012 are committing early for the next round.
2	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — Hollywood insiders had a field day on Sunday as the 70th Golden Globes turned into a feast of smart-mouthed humor aimed at two of their favorite subjects: politics and themselves.The night's big prize, for best motion picture drama, went to  Argo,  a reality-based thriller about the rescue of American diplomats from Iran during its revolution . But the prizes were just half the action, as the room was kept spinning by Amy Poehler and Tina Fey, hosts who pulled no punches.
3	 In, 1.9 million Portuguese workers in the private sector were covered by collective bargaining agreements . Last year, the number was down to,000.Spain has eased restrictions on collective layoffs and unfair dismissal, and softened limits on extending temporary work, allowing workers to be kept on fixed-term contracts for up to four years. Ireland and Portugal have frozen the minimum wage, while Greece has cut it by nearly a fourth. This is what is known in Europe as  internal devaluation.
0	 The sense that New York teams operate with Monopoly money rather than actual cash was never more prevalent than when Alex Rodriguez tore up the largest contract in American sports history, only to be handed back one by the Yankees that was even larger.When Rodriguez opted out of his contract after the 2007 season, a great deal of posturing ensued, and Warren E. Buffett somehow got involved, but Rodriguez ended up right back where he started.
3	  HONG KONG — One of the world's leading suppliers of dairy products said Saturday that a type of bacteria that could cause botulism had been found in tests of ingredients the company sells for use in infant formula and sports drinks, leading New Zealand officials to urge a recall.The company, Fonterra, is based in New Zealand and is the world's fourth-largest dairy company . It sells its milk products to other companies that make infant formula and said those companies would be responsible for any recalls.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that its economic stimulus campaign would press forward at the same pace it has maintained since December, putting to rest for now any suggestion that it was leaning toward doing less.The Fed emphasized that it was ready to increase or decrease its efforts to spur growth and reduce unemployment as necessary, a more balanced position than it took earlier in the year, reflecting the reality that a strong winter has once again yielded to a disappointing spring.
3	  WASHINGTON — The United States trade deficit widened in May to its highest level in six months as a sluggish global economy depressed demand for American exports. Fewer exports mean growth in the April-June quarter could be weaker than previously forecast .The trade deficit rose to $45 billion in May, up.1 percent from.1 billion in April, the Commerce Department said on Wednesday. It was the largest trade gap since November.Exports slipped.3 percent to.1 billion. Sales of American farm products dropped to their lowest point in more than two years.
0	  ANN ARBOR, Mich. — There was tradition in Michigan Stadium on Saturday night, even if it was only the second time the university hosted a night game.Before the game, Michigan honored its past with a legacy jersey, giving the No. 98 of its first Heisman Trophy winner, Tom Harmon, to quarterback Devin Gardner. His favorite receiver, Jeremy Gallon, was issued Desmond Howard's No. 21 before the season. Wearing the numbers of former greats, the duo hooked up for 184 yards and 3 touchdowns in a 41-30 victory against Notre Dame in front of an announced crowd of,109, an N.C.A.A.
2	  It's your solo, take it away,  said the violist David Aaron Carpenter to the vibraphonist David Stevens during a recent rehearsal at a synagogue on Central Park West . Mr. Carpenter was directing the Salomé Chamber Orchestra in Lera Auerbach 's alluring  Sogno di Stabat Mater,  for violin, viola, vibraphone and orchestra, in preparation for a concert at the Metropolitan Museum.If Mr. Carpenter, 27, has his way,  It's your solo  will be something he himself will hear more often.
3	 The stock market climbed more than 1 percent on Tuesday, a day after its worst decline since November, as gold prices stabilized after Monday's fall and earnings from Coca-Cola and Johnson & Johnson improved the outlook for first-quarter results .A drop in the Consumer Price Index, which reinforced Wall Street's expectations that the Federal Reserve would keep its monetary stimulus in place, added to the bullish sentiment. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dropped.3 percent on Monday, its worst one-day percentage loss since Nov. 7. Still, the S.& P. 500 is up.
2	 One film is a devastating study of loss — of a family destroyed, a romance interrupted and an idyllic, rural community obliterated by industrialization and corporate greed. The other is an uplifting fantasy of a traditional community that continues to thrive by resisting modern encroachments, of a magnificent couple born out of conflict, and of a broken man who finds redemption by escaping the past and embracing the present.
4	 In December, pollsters working for President Obama's re- election campaign asked voters in battleground states a question: Would you be more likely to vote for Mr. Obama if Hillary Rodham Clinton were to campaign for him?Of course, Mrs. Clinton, if she remained secretary of state, could not participate in a political campaign . So the poll, and the former first lady's popularity, only intensified speculation that Mr. Obama was considering moving Mrs. Clinton onto his ticket, replacing Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr .The idea never gained traction, but all the chatter irritated Mr. Biden .
2	 Benjamin Britten was delighted to have been born on Nov. 22, the feast day of St . Cecilia, the patron saint of musicians and church music. That the year of his birth, 1913, was also the centennial of Verdi and Wagner is something Britten never particularly remarked upon in later life.Yet that coincidence has complicated things for Britten this year, the 100th anniversary of his birth in the town of Lowestoft on the coast of East Anglia in England. Celebrations of the Verdi and Wagner bicentennials have been plentiful around the world and will continue this fall.
0	 Not long ago, two middle-aged baseball fans were chuckling about how one had said,  When you asked me who Tommy John was, I thought he was a doctor. Wrong, but in a way, he is a doctor.As a pitcher, Tommy John had a career 288-231 record for six teams over 26 seasons, including eight with the Yankees, from 1963 to. But his name now is usually connected to one of the hundreds of pitchers from the major leagues to the sandlots recovering from   Tommy John surgery   — the pioneering procedure by Dr.
3	 Yellen's Opening Remarks : Janet L. Yellen, at her confirmation hearing before Congress to become the Federal Reserve's first chairwoman, defended the Fed's steps to spur economic growth . WASHINGTON — The questions that Janet L. Yellen faced on Thursday from senators considering her nomination to lead the Federal Reserve made two things fairly clear: The job is hers, and it's not going to be easy. Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Banking Committee treated Ms.
4	 COLUMBIA, S.C. — Most United States Supreme Court cases, however significant, pass largely unnoticed when they are argued. But the opening of hearings over the legal definition of marriage was a cultural moment that brought America to its front porch.From small prayer vigils in San Diego to rallies in Boston, from Passover Seders to spiritual fasts, the weight of the decision that the nine justices will make was felt in thousands of communities far from Washington .
3	  WASHINGTON — Sales of existing homes slipped in June to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of .08 million, but they remain near a three-and-a-half-year high. The National Association of Realtors said on Monday that sales fell .2 percent last month from an annual rate of.14 million in May. The association revised down May's sales, but they were still the highest since November.Despite last month's dip, home sales have surged.2 percent from a year earlier. Sales have recovered since early last year, buoyed by job gains and low mortgage rates .
4	  BOSTON — From the opening bell to a dramatic closing clash, Representative Edward J. Markey and Gabriel Gomez squabbled for an hour Wednesday night in a tense debate that sharply contrasted their differences on issues like banning assault weapons, United States involvement in Syria and abortion rights .The two are vying for the Senate seat vacated by John Kerry, who became secretary of state .
0	 BERLIN — The Olympic Games can accommodate more sports than their current maximum of 28 and a global Olympic TV channel would boost their presence between the Games, IOC presidential hopeful Thomas Bach said on Friday.The German lawyer and IOC Vice-President, who is one of six candidates bidding to replace outgoing IOC President Jacques Rogge in September, said as long as the,500-athlete limit is respected there was no need to stick with just.
0	  McNeese State was about to play a bigger team from a bigger division in a bigger stadium, but Coach Matt Viator wanted to make sure that his players were not overwhelmed by the stage. So on Friday, the day before McNeese State opened its season against South Florida, Viator had his team tour Raymond James Stadium. South Florida shares the stadium with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and some players had their photographs taken aboard the enormous replica pirate ship that sits near one of the end zones.
2	 Critics have a tendency to condescend to physical comedy, to brush off those masters of the sight gag and the pratfall, from Chaplin to Jim Carrey, by cooing over their  innocence,  their  joyfulness,  their  simplicity,  as if they were talking about slightly slow but adorable children.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a major shift in criminal justice policy, the Obama administration moved on Monday to ease overcrowding in federal prisons by ordering prosecutors to omit listing quantities of illegal substances in indictments for low-level drug cases, sidestepping federal laws that impose strict mandatory minimum sentences for drug-related offenses . Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr .
3	 The stock market sagged on Monday after the Obama administration ratcheted up its pressure against Syria . Secretary of State John Kerry said there was  undeniable  evidence of a large-scale chemical weapons attack in Syria last week and suggested the administration was edging closer to a military response. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index slipped.72 points, or.4 percent, to close at,656.78. It was up 2 points just before Mr. Kerry began reading his statement. The Dow Jones industrial average fell .05 points, or.4 percent, to close at,946.46. The Nasdaq composite index slipped.2 of a point, to,657.57.
3	 WITH so much focus on carbon emitted from the nation's power plants, another environmental challenge related to electricity generation is sometimes overlooked: the enormous amount of water needed to cool the power -producing equipment.In the United States almost all electric power plants, 90 percent, are thermoelectric plants, which essentially create steam to generate electricity . To cool the plants, power suppliers take 40 percent of the fresh water withdrawn nationally, 136 billion gallons daily, the United States Geological Survey estimates . This matches the amount withdrawn by the agricultural sector and is nearly four times the amount for households.
3	 A Boeing executive said on Saturday that the aviation company had no plans to reopen talks with a union representing workers in Washington State who rejected a labor contract linked to the company's newest jet, and he vowed the company would  look very broadly  at where else the airliner could be built.On Wednesday, machinists in Washington voted down a contract negotiated between Boeing and leaders of the International Association of Machinists that would have kept production of Boeing's profitable wide-body series in the Seattle area in return for lower benefits .
2	 If you enjoy a study in contrasts, first spend an evening watching any of today's teenager-centered television offerings — on CW, ABC Family, even TeenNick or the Disney Channel . Then sample a few episodes of  The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis,  which ran from 1959 to 1963 and was one of the first shows to depict life from the teenage perspective.The differences are astonishing. Sure, teenager-hood today isn't what it used to be.
4	  CHICAGO — Leaders of the Illinois legislature on Wednesday announced that they had found, at long last, a way to repair the state's deeply troubled pension system, which has been deemed among the most underfunded public systems in the nation, has jeopardized the state's financial stability and has become a political risk for state leaders .The leaders declined to make details of their plan public as they privately sought support from rank-and-file lawmakers before a special session called for Tuesday. Gov .
3	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court heard arguments on Wednesday in a major labor case that, depending on how it is resolved, could hamper the ability of unions to mount successful campaigns to organize workers.The case concerns deals in which employers aid unionization drives in exchange for labor peace, sometimes called  neutrality agreements.  Several justices seemed receptive to the idea that such deals could run afoul of a federal labor law that bars employers from giving a  thing of value  to unions . Chief Justice John G . Roberts Jr .
3	 FRANKFURT — Smaller companies that provide most of the jobs in Europe face an ever more difficult struggle to win customers and get bank loans, according to a survey from the European Central Bank on Friday that contributed to a picture of spreading economic stagnation in the euro zone . Small and midsize companies in South European countries like Spain and Italy reported the most trouble making a profit, maintaining revenue and getting loans, according to the E.C.B. survey of,500 firms .
0	 LONDON — England will play Germany and Chile in friendlies at Wembley next month as they start their preparations for the 2014 World Cup .They will host Chile on November 15 and Germany four days later, the FA said in a statement on Thursday.England secured a spot at the World Cup finals in Brazil with a 2-0 victory over Poland on Tuesday to finish top of qualifying Group H.Chile and three-times World Cup winners Germany have also qualified for Brazil.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — The number of Americans filing new applications for unemployment benefits fell last week and the trend line for jobless claims reached nearly a five-year low, providing signs that the slow recovery in the labor market remains on track .Other reports on Thursday showed many top retailers had strong sales in January even as customers were hit with higher taxes, while productivity at businesses slumped in the fourth quarter . Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped by,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the Labor Department said.
3	  HONG KONG — The former general manager of China operations for the pharmaceutical multinational GlaxoSmithKline has returned to China and remains there to help the authorities investigating corruption and bribery allegations, a spokesman for the company said Wednesday.Mark Reilly was general manager when he left China in late June after the police raided Glaxo offices there as part of an inquiry that has exposed allegations of using bribes and illicit payments to win customers in the country's intensely competitive market for drugs and other medical products. Mr. Reilly, who went to London, was replaced in July.Mr.
2	 The Northside Festival, Thursday through June, is Brooklyn's compressed answer to South by Southwest : a long weekend of digital entrepreneurship talks and music followed by a film festival . The music festival is New Yorkcentric and strong on indie rock and guitar squall. Its centerpieces are afternoon concerts at McCarren Park, at Bedford and North 12th Streets in Williamsburg, featuring the Walkmen and Phosphorescent on Saturday and Solange Knowles on Sunday; they require an $80 music-festival badge, which also provides admission to dozens of club shows.
4	 Christine Greer remembers spending afternoons playing in the West Texas sandhills with her grandmother, who would slide down the hills for hours despite the persistent aching in her arthritis-ridden hands. She wasn't the typical, tender, bake-you-cookies, that kind of thing, but she was a tough old broad,  Ms. Greer, now, said of her grandmother, Iona Dikes.Ms. Greer also remembers the day nearly 30 years ago when her family drove from Monahans to El Paso for the funerals of her great-grandmother, Julia Fleenor, 82, and Ms. Dikes, 62.
3	 LONDON — The British government was forced on Wednesday to seek new ways to revive the sputtering economy after acknowledging for the second time in three months that it would take longer than expected to meet its debt-reduction target.In his annual budget presentation to Parliament, George Osborne, the chancellor of the Exchequer, stuck to the austerity plan he drafted three years ago but offered some additional support for the ailing economy, including concessions for home buyers .
4	  WASHINGTON — Former Vice President Dick Cheney was so close to death in 2010 that he said farewell to his family members and instructed them to have his body cremated and the ashes returned to Wyoming, he writes in a new book on his long battle with heart disease .Mr. Cheney ultimately survived the emergency surgery that night and went on to have a heart transplant at age 71 that has left him re-energized five years after leaving office. But for the first time, he describes a 35-year medical struggle that he kept generally private in vivid personal detail.
1	 Continued global warming poses a risk of rapid, drastic changes in some human and natural systems, a scientific panel warned Tuesday, citing the possible collapse of polar sea ice, the potential for a mass extinction of plant and animal life and the threat of immense dead zones in the ocean.At the same time, some worst- case fears about climate change that have entered the popular imagination can be ruled out as unlikely, at least over the next century, the panel found.
4	  WASHINGTON — The source had instructed his media contacts to come to Hong Kong, visit a particular out-of-the-way corner of a certain hotel, and ask — loudly — for directions to another part of the hotel . If all seemed well, the source would walk past holding a Rubik's Cube.So three people — Glenn Greenwald, a civil-liberties writer who recently moved his blog to The Guardian; Laura Poitras, a documentary filmmaker who specializes in surveillance ; and Ewen MacAskill, a Guardian reporter — flew from New York to Hong Kong about 12 days ago . They followed the directions.
2	 BURBANK, Calif. — In a dimly lighted editing suite here on the Warner Brothers lot, blinds drawn for maximum secrecy and walls decorated with signs and posters celebrating   Star Wars,  Indiana Jones and   Game of Thrones,  Zack Snyder was discussing his philosophy on the totemic character who arguably gave rise to every fantasy series of the last 75 years: Superman.For too long, said Mr.
0	 NASHVILLE — Traffic snaked around Vanderbilt Stadium three hours before kickoff. Fans dressed, as instructed, in all black. Wynonna Judd belted out the national anthem, and red fireworks exploded overhead. The assembled discussed bowl games and winning seasons and Southeastern Conference upsets, and they were serious.Serious about football . Serious about Vanderbilt football .The program's new era resumed last week, and optimism seemed more justified than at any point in the last century. The Commodores won nine games last season and finished in the top 25 for the first time since.
4	 Infosys, the giant Indian technology outsourcing company, has agreed to pay $34 million in a civil settlement after federal prosecutors in Texas found it had committed   systemic visa fraud and abuse   when bringing temporary workers from India for jobs in American businesses, according to court documents and officials familiar with the case . The payment is the largest ever in a visa case .
3	  WASHINGTON — Although a fire destroyed one of two big batteries on a Boeing 787 parked at Logan Airport in Boston three weeks ago, a quick examination of the second battery found  no obvious anomalies,  the National Transportation Safety Board said on Sunday.The second battery was of identical design to the one destroyed but is used for a different purpose than the first, the agency said. Its report added scattered details to what is known about the incident, one of two battery problems that led to the grounding of all 50 of the 787s in airline service.
0	 LAWRENCE, Kan. — Tarik Black came off the bench to score 17 points, Joel Embiid also had 17 and No. 18 Kansas bludgeoned Georgetown 86-64 on Saturday in the Hoyas' first visit to Allen Fieldhouse.Andrew Wiggins added 12 points and Naadir Tharpe had 10 for the Jayhawks, who proved once more why the Phog is such a hostile venue. Kansas pushed its non-conference home winning streak to 67 games by pounding one of the nation's premier programs.
3	  Johnson & Johnson and lawyers for patients injured by a flawed hip implant announced a multibillion-dollar deal on Tuesday to settle thousands of lawsuits, but it was not clear whether the deal would satisfy enough claimants.Under the agreement, the medical products giant would pay nearly.5 billion in compensation to an estimated,000 patients who have been forced to have the all-metal artificial hip removed and replaced with another device .
0	  Dan Haren had been waiting to prove he belonged in Washington's vaunted starting rotation .After winning his last two starts, Haren is feeling a little better, and that is mostly because he is not overthrowing his fastball. I'm not going to care about velocity anymore,  he said.  I'm sick of that. It just gives me problems. I'm just going to be myself out there. Haren pitched eight sharp innings, Denard Span hit a two-run double, and the Washington Nationals beat the Braves, 3-1, in Atlanta on Thursday.Only three Braves runners have reached scoring position over two nights.
3	 At a time of heightened security concerns, disgruntled airline employees and frustrated passengers can be a combustible combination in a crowded aircraft, as travelers find themselves subject to lots of rules and little wiggle room to challenge them.On a United Airlines flight from Zurich to Washington Dulles International Airport on Jan. 2, Bill Pollock asked a flight attendant about a sign telling passengers not to venture beyond the curtain separating economy class from the rest of the plane. Mr. Pollock, a book publisher from Burlingame, Calif.
2	 A shimmery chord wells up amid bird calls and forest rustles to begin  Paracosm  (Sub Pop, the second album by Washed Out, Ernest Greene's recording project. A paracosm is an imaginary world, and the one that's conjured by Washed Out floats in a benign haze:  What's it all about?/The feeling when it all works out,  Mr. Greene sings by way of introduction.
4	  WASHINGTON — Last summer, as the fighting in Syria raged and questions about the United States' inaction grew, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton conferred privately with David H. Petraeus, the director of the C.I.A. The two officials were joining forces on a plan to arm the Syrian resistance.The idea was to vet the rebel groups and train fighters, who would be supplied with weapons . The plan had risks, but it also offered the potential reward of creating Syrian allies with whom the United States could work, both during the conflict and after President Bashar al-Assad's eventual removal.Mrs.
0	  Jordan Spieth started the season without status on any tour. He ends it by going to the Presidents Cup . Fred Couples used his captain's picks Wednesday on the 20-year-old Spieth and Webb Simpson to fill out his 12-man team, making Spieth the youngest American to play in the Presidents Cup since it began in.Nick Price used his picks on a pair of rookies — Brendon de Jonge of Zimbabwe and Marc Leishman of Australia — as the International team tries to win for only the second time. The matches are Oct. 3-6 at Muirfield Village in Dublin, Ohio .
2	 Americans call them  the nosebleeds.  We British know them as  the gods.  They're the top tiers of the world's major opera houses, and during my first years of dancegoing in the 1970s and '80s in London, those cheap seats were where I spent most of my time. (Friends used to suggest that I should just string up a hammock at Covent Garden and spend the night there, too.) When I first visited New York, standing room at the back of the fourth ring of the New York State Theater was where I occupied every evening.
4	  WASHINGTON — Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr ., under fire over investigative tactics in leak cases, has opened internal discussions over tightening rules on when prosecutors may seek phone logs and other information that could identify reporters' sources as he began a series of a meetings on Thursday with leaders of news media organizations .According to an adviser familiar with the deliberations, Mr. Holder has discussed expanding a requirement for high-level review of proposed subpoenas for reporters' phone records so that it would include e-mails.
2	 At the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, as at many schools around the United States, students will flock to classes this fall to begin a new academic year. Though  flock  may not be the right word for Curtis, with its minuscule current student body of.Curtis, according to a U.S. News & World Report survey, is the most selective conservatory in the country, admitting a mere 4 percent of applicants. Its enrollment is held to a level just high enough to maintain a symphony orchestra, an opera program and specialties in fields like composition, conducting, keyboards and guitar.
4	  DAYTON, Ohio — Fighting back from the ravages of industrial decline, this city adopted a novel plan two years ago to revive its economy and its spirits: become a magnet for immigrants.The Dayton City Commission voted to make the city  immigrant friendly,  with programs to attract newcomers and encourage those already here, as a way to help stem job losses and a drop in population.In north Dayton — until recently a post-apocalyptic landscape of vacant, gutted houses — 400 Turkish families have moved in, many coming from other American cities.
2	 With his long-lashed chocolate eyes and inviting lips, used to seductive effect in  Rescue Me,   Grey's Anatomy  and  The Devil Wears Prada,  Daniel Sunjata has the kind of face not easily forgotten, or so you'd think. If I'm exposed to crowds repeatedly, I could count on my hands the number of times people are going to say, 'Hey, aren't you Adam Rodriguez from  CSI: Miami ?'   he said, his laughter tinged with what might have been a touch of ruefulness. Especially since Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The takeaways from last week's elections are about a man and a state .The man, Chris Christie, was overwhelmingly re- elected governor of New Jersey, bringing cheer to Republicans . The state is Virginia, which is inching toward becoming a Democratic-leaning outpost. With both, there are caveats.Mr. Christie was a big winner; some consider him a clear favorite for the 2016 presidential nomination and even the de facto leader of his besieged and divided party .
3	  WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve officials, many of them reluctant to continue the Fed's economic stimulus campaign in its current form, wrestled at their most recent meeting with other ways of supporting an economy that still needs help.The discussions, described in the standard account of the meeting in October that the Fed published on Wednesday, did not produce any immediate change in policy. Officials decided at the meeting to press ahead with the current campaign, although the account said that a change could come  at one of its next few meetings.
4	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, a former Roman Catholic archbishop of Los Angeles, will be questioned under oath this week as part of a lawsuit over sexual abuse by clergy members just days before he flies to Rome to help select the next pope, lawyers said.The cardinal will be deposed on Saturday about how he handled dozens of cases of suspected abuse, including one involving a Mexican priest who the police believe molested 26 children in the Los Angeles Archdiocese during a nine-month visit in.That priest, the Rev.
4	  WASHINGTON — If President Obama meant his new budget proposal to be an olive branch to Republicans, he had a chance to test their reaction in person on Wednesday night as he hosted a dozen senators from the opposition party for dinner at the White House .Mr. Obama convened his second outreach dinner with Republican senators just hours after the release of his nearly.8 trillion budget proposal, giving him a chance to talk through the thorny issues of taxes, entitlements and deficits embodied by the plan.
1	  PALO ALTO, Calif. — Under a microscope, four slivers of silicon — electronic circuits called chiplets — perform an elaborate, jerky dance as if controlled by a hidden puppet master. Then on command, they all settle with pinpoint accuracy, precisely touching a pattern of circuit wires, each at just the right point of contact .The technology, on display at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center, or PARC, is part of a new system for making electronics, one that takes advantage of a Xerox invention from the 1970s: the laser printer.
3	 The July rally in the stock market appears to be fading. Stocks edged lower on Monday as investors awaited major economic news this week. Several big-name mergers were not enough to push the main market indexes higher.The government will report its first estimate of economic growth for the second quarter on Wednesday, and it will release its employment report for July on Friday.The Federal Reserve may give some indication about the future of its economic stimulus program on Wednesday after the central bank's two-day policy meeting .
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — The 150 players who have qualified for the 113th U.S. Open, to be played June 13-16 at Merion Golf Club . Players listed only in the first category for which they are eligible. (a-amateur. Six spots remain open for players exempt through the June 10 world ranking . Alternates will fill the other spots.TOP 10 and TIES FROM 2012 U.S. OPEN: Michael Thompson, David Toms, John Peterson, Jason Dufner, Casey Wittenberg, John Senden, Kevin Chappell, Lee Westwood .
0	 Moments before Houston Astros pitcher Wesley Wright threw the pitch, the Yankee first-base coach Mick Kelleher told Lyle Overbay to be careful. Kelleher, a former major league infielder, had noticed something seemingly small, but big enough to determine the outcome of the game.With one out and Overbay at first and Eduardo Nunez at third in a tied game in the sixth inning, Kelleher observed that Astros second baseman Jose Altuve had inched in a step closer to home plate .
0	  ST . LOUIS — Terry Collins, the manager of the Mets, a team descending ever deeper into a late-spring slump, began his workday Monday extolling the virtues of positive thinking. If we panic in May, it's going to be a tough go,  Collins said as he sat inside the visiting manager's office at Busch Stadium.  It's all about making adjustments. It's all about keeping a positive attitude. It's all about relaxing a little bit, and again, going out there and realizing you're good enough to play.
0	 MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Maria Sharapova finished her first match of the year in 55 minutes Monday, cruising to a, 6-0 win over Olga Puchkova at the Australian Open and showing no problems with her sore right shoulder. Sharapova, who lost last year's final here to Victoria Azarenka before winning the French Open, faced only two break points against Puchkova, a fellow Russian. Sharapova, ranked second, withdrew from the Brisbane International this month with an injured right collarbone, saying she wanted to concentrate on being fit for the Australian Open, the season's first major.
4	  Hillary Clinton left the State Department nearly two months ago, but she still needs a staff to keep up with the considerable business of being Hillary Clinton . A half-dozen people now work for the former secretary of state and Democratic presidential candidate in a tiny corporate space on Connecticut Avenue in Washington, in what is called her  transition office. Transition to what, Mrs. Clinton and her aides have not yet said.
1	 Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Boston University have found a new clue to staying dry, and it has to do with time and texture.James C. Bird, now of Boston University, and Kripa K. Varanasi at M.I.T., and their colleagues, were considering the problem of icing, which is a version of getting wet, and they decided to focus on the time a water drop stays in contact with a surface.As they report in the Nov.
3	 PARIS — France's highest court on Friday upheld a government ban on a controversial drilling technique known as hydraulic fracturing, in a defeat for a method that has revolutionized the oil and natural gas industry in the United States . The Constitutional Council ruled against a challenge by Schuepbach Energy, an American company, whose exploration permits were revoked after the French Parliament banned the practice.The method, known informally as fracking, pumps water, sand and chemicals under high pressure into shale formations deep underground to liberate trapped oil and natural gas deposits .
4	  WASHINGTON — House Republican leaders bowed to pressure from within their own party and cleared a path for House passage on Thursday of the Senate's bipartisan reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act .The House Rules Committee on Tuesday night approved a bifurcated process to consider the legislation, which would broaden the landmark 1994 law. The House will vote on a Republican version on Thursday, which contains provisions that weaken a Senate version that empowers Native American courts to prosecute non- Indians accused of violence on tribal land.
1	 BRAINTREE, Mass. — Conventional wisdom and popular perception hold that American students are falling further and further behind in science and math achievement. The statistics from this state tell a different story.If Massachusetts were a country, its eighth graders would rank second in the world in science, behind only Singapore, according to Timss — the Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study, which surveys knowledge and skills of fourth and eighth graders around the world. (The most recent version, in, tested more than,000 students in 63 nations .
4	  LOS ANGELES — The retired archbishop of Los Angeles, Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, and other high-ranking clergymen in the archdiocese worked quietly to keep evidence of child molesting away from law enforcement officials and shield abusive priests from criminal prosecution more than a decade before the scandal became public, according to confidential church records.
2	 On Wednesday, 30 pianists from 13 countries will gather at a hotel ballroom in downtown Fort Worth for a drawing of names, a tradition that will establish the performance schedule for the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition.Two days later, the recitals and concerts will begin at Bass Performance Hall before a 13-member jury . The competition, held once every four years, mixes a little bit of   American Idol   with a whole lot of Liszt and Rachmaninoff. It will end on June 9 with the awarding of the victory medals.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey — Big brother got the better of little brother in what may have been their last showdown as Peyton Manning steered the Denver Broncos to a 41-23 pounding of Eli Manning and the New York Giants on Sunday.Peyton improved his head-to-head record against Eli in the National Football League to 3-0 in the so-called 'Manning Bowl' staged at MetLife Stadium . It's a strange situation,  Peyton said about competing against Eli, his junior by five years.  Yeah, it's strange circumstances. Good win, good team win.
3	  WASHINGTON — Top executives at firms that received taxpayer bailouts during the financial crisis continue to receive generous government -approved compensation packages, a Treasury watchdog said in a report released on Monday.The report comes from the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, the bank bailout law passed at the end of the George W. Bush administration . The watchdog, commonly called Sigtarp, found that 68 out of 69 executives at Ally Financial, the American International Group and General Motors received annual compensation of $1 million or more, with the Treasury's signoff.
0	  CHICAGO — Bryan Bickell looks around and sees Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and the rest of a good young nucleus. He likes Chicago, and the Blackhawks are the only NHL team he has ever known.He is looking forward to the celebration Friday for the Blackhawks' Stanley Cup title, and he wants more.Bickell is eligible for unrestricted free agency and could cash in after coming up with a big postseason despite playing the last series against Boston with a sprained right knee that raised questions about if he would be able to play at all against the Bruins .
2	 He brokered peace in Northern Ireland and spent two frustrating years as an envoy in the Middle East . Now George J. Mitchell, the former senator from Maine, is trying to bring peace to the Midwest, as the mediator in the Minnesota Orchestra's bitter labor dispute .The acrimony there will test his diplomacy skills as the orchestra hurtles toward a Sept. 15 deadline that is likely to determine its fate, and whether it is able to retain its acclaimed music director, Osmo Vanska.The orchestra's musicians have been locked out by management since they rejected deep pay cuts last October.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union's trade chief said on Saturday that a deal had been reached with China to settle a dispute over exports of low-cost solar panels that had threatened to set off a wider trade war between two of the world's largest economies .The settlement essentially involves setting a fairly high minimum price for sales of Chinese -made solar panels in the European Union to try to prevent them from undercutting European producers.
3	 Homeownership is a good thing, for the individual and for society. Or so American governments, whether Republican or Democrat, have long believed. The benefits have been cited repeatedly in justifying the existence and expansion of the tax breaks given to home buyers .But maybe it isn't nearly as good as had been thought.A new study by two economists concludes that rising levels of homeownership in a state  are a precursor to eventual sharp rises in unemployment in that state .  As more homes are owned, in other words, fewer people have jobs .The study, by David G.
1	 BOULDER, Colo. — On a sunny Wednesday, with a faint haze hanging over the Rockies, Noah Fierer eyed the field site from the back of his colleague's Ford Explorer . Two blocks east of a strip mall in Longmont, one of the world's last underexplored ecosystems had come into view: a sandstone-colored ranch house, code-named Q. A pair of dogs barked in the backyard.Dr. Fierer, 39, a microbiologist at the University of Colorado Boulder and self-described  natural historian of cooties,  walked across the front lawn and into the house, joining a team of researchers inside.
0	  RIO DE JANEIRO — Six players from the Spain squad had money stolen from their hotel rooms in Recife while they played their Confederations Cup opener against Uruguay, Spanish media reported on Thursday.The players affected, including Barcelona defender Gerard Pique, made the discovery after the world and European champions' 2-1 victory over Uruguay on Sunday. We know there was a report, a police report and this was being dealt with by the relevant authorities, we have been in touch also with the team,  FIFA spokesman Pekka Odriozola told a briefing .
0	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — Speculation has swirled over whether Alex Rodriguez would be healthy enough to return this season from off-season hip surgery, and whether the Yankees even wanted him back.He is owed $28 million this season alone, and the accusations surrounding his reported involvement with a South Florida clinic that has been accused of dispensing performance-enhancing drugs have made him a toxic figure again.
3	 PARIS — Air France-KLM, the French-Dutch airline, said Thursday that it would not take part in a plan to inject 300 million euros into Alitalia, arguing that the faltering Italian flag carrier was not prepared to take sufficient steps to reduce its mounting debt .The decision, which is expected to lead to a significant reduction in Air France -KLM's 25 percent stake in Alitalia, signaled a wavering faith in the Italian carrier's long-term prospects from its biggest strategic partner .
4	 TUCSON — The nation's largest military contractors, facing federal budget cuts and the withdrawals from two wars, are turning their sights to the Mexican border in the hopes of collecting some of the billions of dollars expected to be spent on tighter security if immigration legislation becomes law. Half a dozen major military contractors, including Raytheon, Lockheed Martin and General Dynamics, are preparing for an unusual desert showdown here this summer, demonstrating their military-grade radar and long-range camera systems in an effort to secure a Homeland Security Department contract worth as much as $1 billion.
1	 Bringing Back the Delta: A new agreement between Mexico and the United States called Minute 319 will ensure more water flows into the Colorado River delta in Mexico, helping to restore parts of the once fertile region.CUCAPÁ EL MAYOR, Mexico — Germán Muñoz looked out at the river before him and talked about the days when dolphins swam here, 60 miles from the sea.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The Giants visit Chicago on Thursday night to play the Bears, a team with a rich heritage at linebacker, from Dick Butkus to Mike Singletary to Brian Urlacher.Their style of play helped make linebackers symbolic of the most rugged elements of pro football .
2	 A year ago, the folk-rock duo the Civil Wars seemed to be golden. Their 2011 debut album,  Barton Hollow,  had sold a half- million copies without a major label and won them two Grammy Awards . They had toured with Adele and Emmylou Harris and collaborated with Taylor Swift on a hit song. More success seemed certain.But in November, just two months after they had begun recording a follow-up album, the duo abruptly broke up in the middle of their first European tour .
0	 LONDON — Jose Mourinho's jigsaw pieces are slowly falling into place and if the Chelsea 'Messiah' can tempt Manchester United to part with their prodigal son Wayne Rooney the final part of the puzzle will be complete. Mourinho, who said he had gone from being the 'Special One' to the 'Happy One' when he returned in June for a second spell as coach at his spiritual Stamford Bridge home following spells at Inter Milan and Real Madrid, has made no secret of his desire to sign the England striker.
1	 Two theoretical physicists who suggested that an invisible ocean of energy suffusing space is responsible for the mass and diversity of the particles in the universe won the Nobel Prize in Physics on Tuesday morning . They are Peter W. Higgs, 84, of the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, and François Englert, 80, of the Université Libre de Bruxelles in Belgium.The theory, elucidated in, sent physicists on a generation-long search for a telltale particle known as the Higgs boson, popularly known (though not among physicists) as the God particle.
1	 NEW YORK — Some 60 years ago, a doctor in Baltimore removed cancer cells from a poor black patient named Henrietta Lacks without her knowledge or consent. Those cells eventually helped lead to a multitude of medical treatments and lay the groundwork for the multibillion-dollar biotech industry.It's a saga made famous by the 2010 best-seller  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks. Now, for the first time, the Lacks family has been given a say over at least some research involving her cells.
3	 THE Chrysler Group is bringing to life the advertising theme for its Chrysler brand,  Imported from Detroit,  through an innovative partnership with a coming Broadway show that bears the Detroit -inspired name of one of the most famous brands in music.The partnership unites Chrysler and  Motown: the Musical,  about the musical legacy of Berry Gordy and Motown, the record label he founded that is now owned by the Universal Music Group.
2	 As high-profile debuts go, the circumstances could hardly be odder for Kaizers Orchestra 's first American performance, on Thursday evening at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .The group, a Norwegian alternative-rock sextet whose music is an idiosyncratic amalgam of Scandinavian and Eastern European folk influences filtered through high-energy blues and metal, has had big musical ambitions: its last three albums were installments of  Violeta, Violeta,  a complex rock-opera that involves a dysfunctional family, Satan, vodka and a hefty dose of magical realism (a mother and daughter who can communicate only in dreams, for example.
4	  WASHINGTON — The landmark Senate vote this week to end the minority party's ability to filibuster most presidential nominees is just one symptom of the deep level of dysfunction coursing through the 113th Congress as the year before midterm elections draws to a close.Negotiators this week failed to meet their self-imposed Thanksgiving deadline to reach a framework on the farm bill. A Pentagon policy that passes with bipartisan enthusiasm every year has been blocked in a procedural battle.
2	 For producers of the kind of quickie docu-shows that certain cable outlets thrive on, seeing  Zumba  and  prostitution  in the same sentence has the feel of Christmas morning. And TLC brings us an instant -history look at a real-life case involving those two things out of Kennebunk, Me., when it broadcasts  Sex, Lies & Zumba  on Tuesday at 10 p.m.The program relates the case of Alexis Wright, who was teaching dance in that coastal town but also had a fondness for wriggling naked in Internet videos and, the police charged, for prostitution.
1	 In November, a team of biologists journeyed to Maria Island, three miles off the Australian island state of Tasmania, taking with them 15 plastic cylinders. They loaded the cylinders into S.U.V.'s, drove them to an abandoned farm and scattered them in the fields.Before long 15 Tasmanian devils emerged from the containers, becoming the first ever to inhabit the island.
2	  In the 10 days since she bore a son to film director Roberto Rossellini in Rome, actress Ingrid Bergman has become the center of a spirited controversy,  The New York Times noted on Feb. 12, 1950. Indeed, Bergman's decision to leave behind both Hollywood and her husband, Dr. Petter Lindstrom, to make a low-budget film in Italy with the most audacious filmmaker of the day had already touched off shock and outrage in the American press. That the boy, Renato, was born out of wedlock only increased the furor.
4	 BILLINGS, Mont. — When a judge here sentenced a schoolteacher to 30 days in prison for raping a 14-year-old student — declaring her  older than her chronological age  and  as much in control of the situation  as the man who pleaded guilty — it set off a storm of outrage, magnified by heavy coverage on cable news and across social media . As the chorus of condemnation grew, the judge, G. Todd Baugh, apologized, saying that his remarks had been demeaning to women.
0	  OMAHA, Neb. — UCLA's offense showed up this time, which meant Mississippi State never had a chance.Eric Filia drove in a career-high five runs, Nick Vander Tuig limited Mississippi State to five hits in eight innings, and UCLA won its first national championship in baseball with an 8-0 victory Tuesday night .The Bruins (49-17) completed a two-game sweep in the College World Series finals and ended the season with 11 straight wins . The national title is UCLA's NCAA -record 109th in team sports .
2	 Performa, the monthlong festival of cross-disciplinary performance, officially wraps up this weekend. But at least one of its programs keeps on going:  Surreal Graham,  presented by the Martha Graham Dance Company, which sticks around for an added performance on Monday.Was Martha Graham a Surrealist? Such is the historically interesting, if not-so-pressing question behind this pairing of works that coincided with the Surrealist movement:  Spectre-1914  (from Graham's 1936 antiwar masterpiece,  Chronicle ) and her more obscure  Herodiade.
2	 NEWARK — When the  New Jersey Symphony Orchestra  began rehearsals recently for its season opener this weekend under the baton of its music director, Jacques Lacombe, one player who has been central to the ensemble was missing onstage — one so central, in fact, that everyone used to tune to his A.But that man, James Roe, the orchestra's principal oboist for the last two years, did not leave the organization. He now leads it as president and chief executive .On a recent afternoon, Mr. Roe, 46, discussed the change in an interview.
2	 On the closing track of their new album,  Small Constructions,  Ben Wendel and Dan Tepfer switch instruments, improvising a dialogue from scratch. That exercise in uncertainty revealed something essential about the personalities of Mr. Tepfer, a pianist by training, and Mr. Wendel, usually a saxophonist. Ben seeks stability,  Mr. Tepfer said,  and really since I've been a tiny kid I seek instability . That difference plays out subtly on the album, their first as a duo, due out on Tuesday on Sunnyside Records.
0	  MIAMI — The two NL Rookie of the Year contenders chatted on the field during batting practice, discussing how they escaped Cuba before becoming major-league stars this season.Then they went head to head, and Jose Fernandez bested Yasiel Puig to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers .Fernandez allowed only one earned run in six innings to help Marlins win 6-2 Monday night, giving the Dodgers consecutive defeats for the first time since June. Puig went 0 for 3 against the All-Star right-hander in their first matchup. It's not a big deal,  Fernandez said.  It's one game.
4	 MISSOULA, Mont. — It was Saturday afternoon, and that meant the pale ale was flowing inside Draught Works, the latest brewery to open in this beer-loving college town. People swooned over the Czech pilsner and the coffee stout. A string band plucked away. As parents ordered another round, their children darted around the tables like giggling schools of fish.It could have been a scene from any thriving upscale neighborhood brew pub. And that is precisely what has ignited a beer war in Montana .Two decades ago, there were a handful of small brewers across the state .
4	  ST . PETERSBURG — Hopscotching from one Democratic touchstone to the next — education, voting rights, the environment and bipartisanship — former Gov . Charlie Crist of Florida announced Monday that he would run for the job once again, this time as a Democrat .On an overcast, breezy day here in his hometown, Mr. Crist, 57, a former Republican, billed himself as the  People's Governor   and exhorted a crowd of about 250 supporters in a bayfront park to trust him with the stewardship of the state in.
2	 Patton Oswalt moved gingerly as he eased onto a sofa on the Bushwick, Brooklyn, set of  The Heart, She Holler.  He was slowed, perhaps, by fatigue after a full morning of shooting this show, a Southern gothic horror- comedy . Or maybe it was the bloody rabbit's foot sticking out of his chest. They told me to be alternately freaked out and amused by this,  he said, considering the appendage.That bit of direction could extend to the whole of  The Heart, She Holler.
2	   Factory Floor  (DFA, the self-titled debut album by an English electronic trio, is a present-day blast from an austere past. At the end of the 1970s, the combination of art-punk aesthetics, primitive electronic instruments, do-it-yourself budgets and a British recession spawned dance music that prided itself on using a few brittle, melody-defying sounds — the fewer the better — to get dance floors moving. Even then, the music had an abstinent spirit, proudly renouncing easy pleasures.
3	 The Justice Department has started talks with American Airlines and US Airways, seeking concessions on airport takeoff and landing slots in exchange for dropping an antitrust lawsuit aimed at blocking their merger, Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr . said on MondayMr. Holder's comments on the negotiations, which began just three weeks before a trial on the suit was scheduled to start in federal court in the District of Columbia, raised expectations on Wall Street and in the aviation industry that the merger would stay in place with relatively modest concessions.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Hollywood gave its top honor to Ben Affleck 's  Argo  at a song-and-dance -filled Academy Awards ceremony on Sunday, completing a remarkable turnaround for a film that was once a long-shot contender.But in a break from recent years Oscar voters also found a way to take care of a wide variety of movies, especially   Life of Pi,  which won four trophies, including the best director honor for Ang Lee .
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — Madison Bumgarner drove in two runs and struck out nine in seven innings, and the San Francisco Giants overcame an embarrassing lineup mistake to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 4-2 on Saturday night .The Giants were caught batting out of order in the first inning, wiping away Buster Posey's RBI double . Manager Bruce Bochy submitted a lineup with Posey batting fourth, but the reigning NL MVP and batting champion hit third.On the day he earned his first All-Star selection, Bumgarner (9-5) helped erase Bochy's big blunder by retiring his first 14 batters.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration announced Friday that it was reviving the repatriation of low-level detainees from the prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, which had dried up after Congress imposed strict limits on transfers.The announcement comes as William K. Lietzau, the top Pentagon official dealing with detainees, is stepping down to take a private sector job, according to people familiar with the matter. Officials said the timing was a coincidence.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Coach Greg McDermott has punctuated nearly every one of his team's practices this season with a free-throw drill. His players must make 10 in row, sometimes more, before they can head home. If it looks as if he might have to turn out the lights on them, he puts a couple of minutes on the clock. Once time runs out, the loners who are left behind line up and run.
4	 FARGO, N.D. — Gov . Jack Dalrymple of North Dakota approved the nation's toughest abortion restrictions on Tuesday, signing into law a measure that would ban nearly all abortions and inviting a legal showdown over just how much states can limit access to the procedure.Mr. Dalrymple, a Republican, signed three bills passed by the Republican-controlled Legislature in Bismarck. The most far-reaching law forbids abortion once a fetal heartbeat is  detectable,  which can be as early as six weeks into a pregnancy. Fetal heartbeats are detectable at that stage of pregnancy using a transvaginal ultrasound.
2	  HONG KONG — For all of Beijing's political control over Hong Kong, in the city itself the tables are often turned: Mainland Chinese provide low-cost labor that propels the booming economy, and pregnant mothers have long flocked to Hong Kong's hospitals, where giving birth is a child's ticket to permanent residency in the city, with its better doctors and quality schools .This tension is at the heart of  Bends,  a film that opens here on Thursday and in Taiwan on Friday.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — From the very beginning, there was no more powerful theme in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin than the issue of race. But in the courtroom where George Zimmerman is on trial for second-degree murder, race lingers awkwardly on the sidelines, scarcely mentioned but impossible to ignore.For African-Americans here and across the country, the killing of Mr. Martin, 17, black and unarmed, was resonant with a back story steeped in layers of American history and the abiding conviction that justice serves only some of the people.Had Mr. Martin shot and killed Mr.
3	  SAN FRANCISCO — California drillers eager to use hydraulic fracturing to tap the nation's largest oil shale formation will face comprehensive regulation for the first time next year under rules issued this week.The rules take effect on Jan . 1, though they will be replaced a year later by permanent regulations that are still being developed but are expected to be similar. In September, Gov . Jerry Brown signed a law that established the outlines for the regulations.
2	 SALZBURG — A shift away from radical opera stagings is unmistakable at the Salzburg Festival this summer. Leading the way is the season's most talked-about production,  Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg,  by the provocative Stefan Herheim. His surprisingly traditional treatment of the Wagner comedy disappointed a number of European critics eager for something like his  Parsifal  for the Bayreuth Festival, which expounded on the opera's historical and political impact and reception.
4	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The next round of Republican primary fights is not far away, which prompted Gov . Bobby Jindal of Louisiana to offer a blunt warning this week:  We've got to stop being the stupid party . With bruising defeats from the last two election cycles still fresh in his mind, particularly the races that helped cost Republicans control of the Senate, Mr. Jindal's stern message to his party highlighted the divisions among Republicans as they try to restore their brand and rebuild.
3	 Sales of existing homes reached a three-year high in February and their prices rose, the National Association of Realtors said on Thursday, adding to signs of an acceleration in the housing recovery even though the supply of properties on the market increased.The association said sales increased.8 percent to an annual rate of.98 million units last month, the highest level since November. The January sales rate was revised up to.94 million units from the previously reported .92 million units . Economists polled by Reuters had expected sales to rise to a five- million -unit rate.
0	 THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — Rory's McIlroy's year began with a coronation. He was the star attraction at what felt like a rock concert, with music blaring and lasers flashing in a room at Abu Dhabi to celebrate the No. 1 player in golf joining Nike's stable.It ended Sunday with a bogey on the ninth hole at Sherwood with hardly anyone watching.An offseason never looked more appealing to him. It's been a long season, a long stretch,  McIlroy said after signing for a 70 to finish 11th in an 18-man field at the World Challenge .
1	 At the Harlem Meer, at the north end of Central Park, John Waldman, a biology professor at Queens College, found a bullhead catfish, a newly discovered species for the lake. At Turtle Pond, in the middle of the park, Russell L. Burke, a biology professor at Hofstra University, spied scores of turtles, from red-eared sliders to snapping turtles. And in the North Woods, Glenn Phillips, executive director of New York City Audubon, counted 23 bird species in the first of five forays, among them a Wilson's warbler and American redstarts, prized fall migrants.
4	  WASHINGTON — The American Civil Liberties Union sued the Obama administration on Tuesday over its  dragnet  collection of logs of domestic phone calls, contending that the once-secret program — whose existence was exposed last week by a former National Security Agency contractor — is illegal and asking a judge to stop it and order the records purged.The lawsuit could set up an eventual Supreme Court test. It could also focus attention on this disclosure amid the larger heap of top secret surveillance matters revealed by Edward J. Snowden, the former N.S.A.
1	 As part of a national research project to develop low-cost artificial hands, the Pentagon has released a video of a robot that can change a tire — almost.In the video, the two- armed robot uses a tool to remove a tire from a car. We're almost at the stage where we can put the the nuts back onto the bolts,  said Gill Pratt, a program manager at the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa.The goal of the program, now in its third phase, is to develop robots and prosthetic devices for wide use.
3	  BEIJING — Surprisingly strong rebounds in China's exports and imports in July offered some hope that the economy might be stabilizing, government data showed Thursday, after more than two years of slowing growth, although an imminent rebound still looks improbable.Data from the Customs Administration showed exports had risen.1 percent in July from the same month last year. Analysts had expected a 3 percent rise. It was a sharp turnaround from June, when exports had declined for the first time in 17 months. Exports to the United States rose at an annual rate of.3 percent and those to Europe were up.
3	 FOR all Americans who want their government to work — and I presume that is most of us — the recent discord in Washington over the government shutdown and debt limit has been painful to watch. But for me, the high-stakes squabbling among Democrats and Republicans is also a reminder of a dissonance with which I have lived throughout my life.First, a bit of autobiography. I grew up in a Republican family. My father was originally from Bayonne, N.J., and it was the corruption of the Democratic political machine there that made him a Republican .
1	 The name Myllokunmingia may not ring a bell, but it is worth knowing. This 520- million -year-old creature was the size of a guppy, with a tiny swordfish-like fin running high over its back. The fossils it has left behind preserve traces of a skull.Humans have a skull, too. This and a number of other traits we share with Myllokunmingia reveal it to be one of the oldest, most primitive vertebrates yet found. It is, in other words, a hint of where we came from.
0	  LONDON — Britain's Laura Robson kept the home flag flying in the women's singles when she upset Russia's number 10 seed Maria Kirilenko 6-3 6-4 in the first round at Wimbledon on Tuesday.The unseeded Robson, 19, moved comfortably through the first set and led 4-1 in the second before Kirilenko got a break back as she tried to stage a recovery against the world number.But the Russian, who reached the quarter-finals at the French Open last month, failed to come to terms with Robson's smooth groundstrokes and could not sustain her momentum.
3	 The 21 turbines at the Kingdom Community Wind farm in Vermont soar above Lowell Mountain, a testament in steel and fiberglass to the state's growing use of green energy .Except when they aren't allowed to spin at their fastest. That has been the case several times in the farm's short existence, including during the record July heat wave when it could have produced enough much-needed energy to fuel a small town . Instead, the grid system operator held it at times to just one-third of what it could have produced.
3	 Seeking to increase pressure on McDonald's, Wendy's and other fast-food restaurants, organizers of a movement demanding a $15-an-hour wage for fast-food workers say they will sponsor one-day strikes in 100 cities on Thursday and protest activities in 100 additional cities.As the movement struggles to find pressure points in its quest for substantially higher wages for workers, organizers said strikes were planned for the first time in cities like Charleston, S.C.; Providence, R.I.; and Pittsburgh .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Monday plans to nominate Anthony R. Foxx, the mayor of Charlotte, N.C., to be the next secretary of transportation, choosing a rising young African-American from the South to balance out a cabinet criticized for a lack of diversity.Mr. Obama also appeared close to nominating Penny Pritzker, a hotel magnate, longtime friend and fund-raiser, as the next commerce secretary, and Michael Froman, his international economics adviser, as the United States trade representative, although neither nomination was scheduled to be announced on Monday.The selections, all of which would require Senate confirmation, would help fill out Mr.
2	 Anna Gunn wasn't sure what she thought about Skyler White after reading the pilot script for   Breaking Bad,  so she asked Vince Gilligan, the show's creator, to elaborate. He couldn't tell her much, he said, but what he could was enough. He said, 'She's going to be Carmela Soprano, but she'll be in on the crime,'   Ms. Gunn recalled recently.  And I said, 'O.K., sold.
2	 Since the high school misfit with emerging telekinetic powers and a religious-fanatic mother first appeared in Stephen King's 1974 novel,  Carrie,  her blood-streaked face and prom dress have been among the most recognizable images in horror. Brian De Palma's 1976 movie version, starring the beautifully plain-faced Sissy Spacek, helped propel Carrie into pop culture consciousness with a scene that still scares the tiara off any aspiring prom queen. Shot in masochistic slow-motion, the sequence captures in grisly detail what happens when bullies rig up a bucket that douses her with pig's blood onstage in front of her classmates.
3	  BRUSSELS — Seven top industrial nations, including the United States and Germany, pledged on Tuesday to let foreign exchange markets determine the value of their currencies .The statement by the Group of 7 prompted relief in Japan, where policy makers have been under fire, accused of unfairly seeking to give their economy a shot in the arm by bringing down the value of the yen . The statement  properly recognizes that steps we are taking to beat deflation are not aimed at influencing currency markets,  said Taro Aso, the Japanese finance minister .
0	  MIAMI — Hunter Pence hit two doubles, a triple and drove in five runs to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 14-10 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night .Hector Sanchez hit a three-run homer, Pablo Sandoval had four hits and three RBIs, and Brandon Belt had four hits and scored four runs for the Giants, who set season highs for runs and hits. Justin Ruggiano homered twice and drove in four runs for Miami . Christian Yelich and Placido Polanco each had three hits. San Francisco's offense broke loose after averaging.
3	 RICHMOND, Calif. — In a dusty yard under a blistering August sun, Rover was hard at work, lifting 45-pound solar panels off a stack and installing them, one by one, into a concrete track. A few yards away, Rover's companion, Spot, moved along a row of panels, washing away months of grit, then squeegeeing them dry.But despite the heat and monotony — an alternative-energy version of lather-rinse-repeat — neither Rover nor Spot broke a sweat or uttered a complaint. They could have kept at it all day.
4	 While the fiscal picture is brightening around the country, with many states expecting surpluses this year after years of deficits and wrenching budget crises, mounting Medicaid costs and underfunded retirement promises are continuing to cloud their long-term   outlook .And some of the surpluses that are materializing, as welcome as they are, are not as robust as they appear at first glance — especially as bills come due for some of the costs that states put off during the long economic downturn .When Texas lawmakers went into session in January, they were met with some good news: the state was projecting an.
0	 For 15 minutes of the second half against Syracuse on Sunday, St . John's looked as if it might upset the No. 2 Orange at Madison Square Garden, scramble the national rankings and light up the New York college basketball scene once again.The last five minutes cooled those fantasies, a swift relapse to what has lately been the norm. Syracuse beat St . John's, 68-63, its ninth straight win in meetings between the two teams . The Orange (10-0) hit shots down the stretch; St . John's (6-3) did not. They took care of the ball; St .
2	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — Like most movie stars, Sandra Bullock has been endlessly sliced into snackable bites by the celebrity media . In Vanity Fair's estimation, this Oscar-winning actress is  friendly and direct and so unpretentious.  (True.) Ms. Bullock is  America's sweetheart,  according to dozens of color-by-number profiles, a gifted physical comedian who has suffered the occasional flop. (Fair enough.)After her 2010 divorce, she briefly got the tabloid treatment, with one overseas outlet publishing an article accompanied by this headline:  Sandra Bullock Finally Leaves the House — Looking Like the Witch from She-Ra.
4	  WASHINGTON — When Secretary of State John Kerry was scrambling last week to prevent the leader of the Syrian opposition from boycotting a meeting with him in Rome — a snub that could have spoiled his maiden voyage as the nation's chief diplomat — he leaned on an old Senate colleague to help him out: Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr .After Mr. Kerry extracted an agreement from the Syrian opposition leader, Moaz al-Khatib, to show up, Mr. Biden sealed the deal with a follow-up call. The vice president, who had met Mr.
3	 A charity devoted to helping the poor in New York City is playing up its roots in its first advertising campaign .The charity, the Robin Hood Foundation, plans to introduce the campaign on Monday. The campaign, which includes radio commercials, outdoor ads and a presence in social media like Twitter, carries the assertive theme  Fight poverty like a New Yorker. The campaign seeks to stand out by celebrating archetypal Big Apple behaviors.
2	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — In the coming mini-series  A Young Doctor's Notebook,  Daniel Radcliffe plays a man fresh out of medical school who is sent to run a hospital in a remote Russian village in. He is called upon to saw off limbs, deliver babies and prescribe salves to a never-ending queue of syphilitic peasants, but this inexperienced doctor has help: His older self, played by Jon Hamm, pops in from time to time to offer medical advice and swipe morphine from the dispensary.
4	  WASHINGTON — The House, in a rare Saturday session, voted unanimously to guarantee that federal workers will receive back pay once the government shutdown ends, offering a promise of relief if not an actual rescue to more than 1 million government employees either furloughed or working without pay.The 407-to-0 vote, on a measure backed by President Obama, followed a morning debate in which lawmakers from both parties extolled government doctors and nurses saving lives, emergency relief workers braving disasters to rescue citizens, and NASA scientists exploring space.
4	 HELENA, Mont. — The trial of Jordan Johnson, a former starting quarterback at the University of Montana accused of raping an acquaintance, begins in Missoula, Mont., on Friday, extending a cloud of scandal that has hung over the campus for two years.Mr. Johnson faces one count of sexual intercourse without consent and, if convicted, a sentence of anywhere from 2-to-4 years to 100 years in prison . Mr. Johnson, who has denied the accusation, would also have to register as a sex offender for life.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court appeared divided along familiar lines on Monday as it heard arguments over whether Arizona can require proof of citizenship from people seeking to register to vote in federal elections .Several of the court's more liberal justices sounded doubtful about a state law that imposes requirements beyond those called for by a federal law . Many people don't have the documents that Arizona requires,  Justice Sonia Sotomayor said.
1	 A blue dye found in many household items, including the British five-pound note, could fill an important need in the quest to develop a quantum computer, researchers say.The dye, copper phthalocyanine, also known as CuPc, contains electrons that can spend surprisingly long times in  superposition,  a quantum term meaning that they exist in two possible states at once, like Schrödinger's cat. The researchers made the discovery by placing the electrons in superposition using an electron spin resonance spectrometer, then watching how long it took them to decay from that state .
4	  WASHINGTON — For President Obama, the fiscal deal passed by Congress on Tuesday finally ends four years of debate with Republicans about raising tax rates on the wealthy. But it seemed to reopen a debate within his party about the nature of his leadership and his skills as a negotiator.While Mr. Obama got most of what he sought in the agreement, he found himself under withering criticism from some in his liberal base who accused him of caving in to Republicans by not taxing the rich more. Just as Speaker John A.
0	 Louisville's reign at No. 1 is probably over after one week. Michael Carter-Williams recovered from a shaky first half and two missed free throws in the final minute to help No. 6 Syracuse beat the Cardinals, 70-68, on the road on Saturday.It was the second straight Saturday that the top- ranked team went down: Duke lost to North Carolina State, 84-76, last weekend.Carter-Williams's contributions included a go-ahead 3-pointer with 5 minutes 28 seconds left and then a steal and a go-ahead dunk with 23 seconds left . He scored 11 of his team's final 13 points, including the last.
2	 Images redolent of World War I and German Expressionism converge in F. W. Murnau's silent  Nosferatu: A Symphony of Horror, coming to Film Forum on Monday. An unauthorized adaptation of  Dracula,  the film employs a range of visual flourishes (coffins overflowing with vermin, a carriage pulled by masked horses) and treatments (accelerated film speeds, reverse negative images) to convey its singular ambience of plague, dread and menace. The film's principal special effect is its antagonist, Max Schreck's Count Orlok, a hairless predator with large clawlike hands, pointy ears and a rodentlike countenance.
3	  Stocks fell Friday, closing out what was the worst week of the year for the Dow Jones industrial average .The market was dragged lower by a weak performance from retailers and companies sensitive to higher interest rates . Home builders and banking stocks were among the best performers. Stocks had a decent start to the week, but were hit hard the last three days. The Dow retreated.2 percent in its worst week in. The broader Standard & Poor's 500- stock index lost.1 percent for the week, its second-worst performance of the year.
2	 As New Year's Eve telecasts go, this one was not exactly a tightly planned, rigidly precise Ryan Seacrest -style affair.Last Monday night, Jamie Kennedy, the comedian and star of films like  Scream  and  Malibu's Most Wanted,  hosted  First Night,  a live special broadcast by KDOC, an independent Southern California television station . Advertisements for the show promised celebrity cameos, musical guests and other surprises, and viewers who tuned in surely had their share of unexpected laughs.Presiding over the shaky-looking and decidedly seat-of-the-pants event Mr.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Recently discovered dinosaur embryos are giving scientists their best glimpse yet into how the ancient creatures developed.The 190- million -year-old fossils unearthed in China belonged to Lufengosaurus, a long-necked, plant -eating dinosaur known for its gigantic size, with adults reaching 30 feet long.A detailed look at more than 200 bones from 20 individual animals at various stages of development revealed they grew much more rapidly inside the egg than other dinosaurs and flexed their muscles in much the same way as birds and humans.
0	 The fight for ownership of the Sacramento Kings, one of the N.B.A.'s most beleaguered franchises, will take a big step toward resolution Wednesday when the league's owners vote on a recommendation that the team be prohibited from moving to Seattle .But in the run-up to the vote, which will take place at the league's board of governors meeting in Dallas, the two groups bidding for the Kings continue to raise the stakes.
3	 It was a cold, clear day in Leesburg, Va., and a security guard at an outlet mall there said the midmorning crowd was similar to that of a typical busy Saturday.But an ordinary day it was not. It was Black Friday, traditionally the biggest shopping day of the year.With the economy bumping along at a lackluster pace, and this year's shorter-than-usual window between Thanksgiving and Christmas, sales and promotions began weeks before Thanksgiving Day, making this holiday shopping season more diffuse than ever. That left Black Friday weekend itself, the season's customary kickoff, looking a bit gloomy.
0	 (Reuters) - Ryan Braun agreed to end his season and accept a 65- game ban in the first of an expected string of suspensions stemming from MLB's probe into reports that players obtained performance enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic.It was a move bound to be applauded by many fellow players, including Baltimore slugger Chris Davis, who has complained that his record home run pace has been called into question given people's skepticism brought on by doping cheats.
4	 When the police chief in Tacoma, Wash., shot and killed his wife in a parking lot after years of abusing her, the shock from that event 10 years ago mobilized national support for a more aggressive response to domestic violence in police households.While police officers today are more aware of the problem, the following is also true: In many departments, an officer will automatically be fired for a positive marijuana test, but can stay on the job after abusing or battering a spouse.
1	 From North Carolina to Connecticut, billions of creatures with eyes the color of blood and bodies the color of coal are crawling out of the earth. Periodical cicadas are emerging en masse, clambering into trees and singing a shivering chorus that can be heard for miles.What makes this emergence truly remarkable, however, is how long it's been in the making. This month's army of periodical cicadas was born in. Their mothers laid their eggs in the branches of trees, where they developed for a few weeks before hatching and heading for the ground.
4	  WASHINGTON — Jimmy Thomas Sasser stood in silence in February as a federal judge sentenced him to four years in prison . For more than a decade, prosecutors said, Mr. Sasser, an insurance adjuster from Wilson, N.C., participated in a plot involving dozens of farmers, warehouse workers and insurance agents who conspired to defraud the federal crop insurance program of nearly $100 million by claiming fake losses on crops. Prosecutors said Mr. Sasser had taken kickbacks of $400 to,000 to falsify claims, and he was ordered to pay more than $21 million in restitution .
4	 Border Outpost: Luis Colón Dí az is among the thousands of Border Patrol agents who have been stationed at a growing number of military-style outposts near the United States - Mexico border .ALONG THE MEXICO-NEW MEXICO BORDER — A white pickup truck rumbled along the barbed-wire fence that divides the United States and Mexico, toward a crude gate nicknamed Mingas, carved by drug smugglers to bring their loads across the border.On American soil, Daniel Algarate Martínez, a Border Patrol agent, gripped his rifle, staring at the truck that approached on the other side of the divide.
3	  BRUSSELS — Concern over the euro moved to the forefront Monday as finance ministers of the countries using the currency held their monthly meeting. But this time, with the European Union 's recession continuing, the topic was the strength of the euro rather than its many weaknesses.As confidence has grown that the Union will be able to manage its sovereign debt crisis, the euro has made significant gains against the dollar and other foreign currencies . That is making Europe's exports more expensive, a factor that could hamper growth .
4	 EVERGREEN, Ala. — Jerome Gray, a 74-year-old black man, has voted in every election since 1974 in this verdant little outpost of some,000 people halfway between Mobile and Montgomery. Casting a ballot, he said, is a way to honor the legacy of the Voting Rights Act of, a civil rights landmark born from a bloody confrontation 70 miles north of here, in Selma.The franchise remains fragile in Evergreen, Mr. Gray said. Last summer, he was kicked off the voting rolls by a clerk who had improperly culled the list based on utility records.
3	 The holding group, WPP, based in London, wants to bolster a collection of agencies known as the United Network, formed in 2006 from an agency network called Red Cell United . To that end, Matt Ryan, who most recently held senior posts at Havas Worldwide New York, is joining the United Network as its global chief executive, based in New York, to serve as a partner to Ewen Cameron, the longtime chairman of the United Network .
4	  BOSTON — Caroline Kennedy was not even 6 years old when her father was assassinated 50 years ago . And on Sunday, she said the hurt never heals. Our family is still suffering the heartbreak caused by gun violence,  Ms. Kennedy said here at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum .She was here to honor another target of an assassin, one who lived.
3	 MADRID — The regional government of Galicia said Thursday that it stood ready to provide economic help to Pescanova, an insolvent fishing company that has become the latest big corporate casualty of the Spanish debt crisis .The offer coincided with an extraordinary board meeting of Pescanova, called by some of its institutional shareholders. They are pushing for Pescanova's longtime president to explain how the company ended up with accounts that do not match the debt claims filed by its creditors .
2	  Crashout,  a 1955 film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster, begins under the opening credits with a violent prison revolt, much of it constructed from footage borrowed from Don Siegel's  Riot in Cell Block,  released just one year earlier. As crowds of angry men brave machine-gun fire from the guard towers and surge toward the prison walls, a few get over the top and run for cover. Foster singles out six of the escapees with individual close-ups, labeling each with the name of the actor who plays him.
4	 RIVERSIDE, Calif. — The young son of a neo-Nazi knew right from wrong when he shot and killed his father, and he is therefore responsible for second-degree murder, a judge ruled on Monday.Joseph Hall was 10 years old when he shot his sleeping father in the head in. Now, he could be held in state custody until age.Because Joseph was so young at the time of the murder, the case hinged on whether he understood that shooting his father, Jeffrey Hall, 32, was wrong.The judge, Jean P.
0	  BARCELONA, Spain — Lionel Messi's lawyers insist the tax fraud allegations are baseless but say he will settle any outstanding obligations if needed. Law firm Juarez Veciana says in a statement that the Barcelona forward  scrupulously complies with Spanish legislation. Messi and his father Jorge have been ordered to appear before court in the town of Gava near Barcelona on Sept. 17 to answer allegations they owe 4 million euros .3 million ) in back taxes from 2007 to.
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama nominated Sarah Bloom Raskin on Wednesday to be deputy Treasury secretary . If confirmed by the Senate, Ms. Raskin would be the highest-ranking woman to serve in that department.Ms. Raskin is a Federal Reserve governor and a former state banking regulator . At the Treasury, Ms. Raskin would take the position held by Neal S. Wolin since the beginning of the administration .In a statement about Ms. Raskin, Jacob J.
3	 A report showing relatively weak job growth in the United States shored up Wall Street on Tuesday but weighed on the dollar, which fell to its lowest level against the euro in, as investors concluded that the Federal Reserve would not be reducing its monetary stimulus this year.By the end of trading, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up.6 percent, the Dow Jones industrial average was.5 percent higher and the Nasdaq composite had gained.2 percent. The Labor Department reported that,000 jobs were created in September, below the consensus in the markets for around,000.
3	 BAD HERSFELD, GERMANY — Manuel Sauer, a union activist, stood in front of Amazon 's colossal gray distribution center here last Thursday, masquerading as the company's chief executive, Jeff Bezos, by holding up a cardboard cutout of a scowling Mr. Bezos. Television crews crowded in for the money shot.Then Mr. Sauer and several other activists unfurled a banner demanding in a curious mix of German and English that Amazon, the American online retailing juggernaut, negotiate a union wage contract with its currently nonunion work force here.  Make Tarif Vertrag,  it said in fluorescent letters.
3	 PARIS — Three of Europe's top military contractors urged the region's governments on Sunday to support a joint program to develop a reconnaissance drone to reduce dependence on American and Israeli manufacturers .In a joint statement, EADS, European Aeronautic Defense and Space, the parent company of Airbus, with Dassault Aviation of France and Finmeccanica of Italy, said a regional collaboration in unoccupied aerial vehicles would  support the capability needs of European armed forces while optimizing the difficult budgetary situation through pooling of research and development funding .
0	  ST . LOUIS — Adam Wainwright was hungry. Happy, but hungry, and maybe also a little weary. Wainwright, the ace of the St . Louis Cardinals, had spoken for a while in the visitors' clubhouse at PNC Park on Monday, trying to explain the spectacular emergence of another protég, Michael Wacha, on the national stage .They just keep coming — young pitchers named Wacha and Miller, Kelly and Rosenthal, Siegrist and Maness and Martinez — one after another, like an ever-flowing spigot of baseball holy water. All teams crave cheap, homegrown pitching.
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — If all had gone according to James E. Holmes 's plan, someone would have tripped the labyrinthine nest of explosives he had woven around his apartment, luring the police from the Aurora movie theater where he is accused of opening fire last July, an F.B.I. agent testified Tuesday .During a second day of testimony in a preliminary hearing for Mr. Holmes, who is accused of killing 12 people and wounding more than, Special Agent Garrett Gumbinner recounted how Mr. Holmes, a former neuroscience student, detailed to investigators his meticulous plot to blow up his apartment as a diversion.
0	 His arms finally free, Rob Gronkowski clapped when he saw a flag in the end zone and it seemed the Patriots had one more chance to win . Seconds later, that chance was gone.The officials' decision to wave off a penalty on the final play of the Patriots' 24-20 loss to the Panthers angered New England fans and sparked debate Tuesday. On the play, Carolina's Luke Kuechly wrapped his arms around Gronkowski as Tom Brady's pass sailed toward them. Coach Bill Belichick would not discuss the ruling .
3	  Royal Dutch Shell, continuing to struggle with its operations in Nigeria and North America, on Thursday announced earnings that fell below analysts' forecasts, and Exxon Mobil, the largest American oil producer, posted a 57 percent year-over-year earnings decline.Shell's second-quarter income, adjusted for one-time items, was.6 billion, compared with.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Analysts had expected the company to earn.8 billion.  This is one of the worst set of Shell results that we can remember,  analysts from Bernstein wrote in a note.Shell's shares were down.7 percent in trading in London.
0	  AUBURN, Ala. — Auburn Coach Gus Malzahn squinted through his glasses to see the spot of the ball, studied plays on a clipboard and gave commands through his headset to his staff. The play was then signaled to the players on the field. It all appeared to be the normal functioning of a no-huddle offense.But when the Tigers ran the play, the offense, in this day and age of Division I college football, did not look normal.
2	 BRISTOL, England — What happens to star dancers who, after ascending to glory with one ballet company, take control of their own destinies and head off to pastures new? In the first half of, the Royal Ballet at Covent Garden lost two of its most admired ballerinas, Tamara Rojo and Alina Cojocaru. Ms. Rojo — a Spanish dancer, now in her late 30s, whose best performances are characterized by intelligence and drama — left for a good reason: She is now artistic director of English National Ballet, where she continues to dance leading roles.
4	  WASHINGTON — When Representative Dave Camp, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, calls conservative activists to the witness table on Tuesday to talk about their experiences in seeking a tax exemption from the Internal Revenue Service, his chief aim will not be to scar the Obama administration or to fuel the continuing Congressional inquiries.The goal of Mr. Camp, a Republican from Michigan, is more complex: He wants tax reform .Other Republicans see the cloud around the I.R.S. in the light of raw politics and how much damage it can do to President Obama . For Mr.
2	 NEWPORT, R.I. — The Newport Jazz Festival, which ended Sunday at Fort Adams State Park here, is 59 now. It had early brilliance followed by middle-age aesthetic confusion, edging into pop and smooth jazz. Over the last nine years, it has corrected its course, entering a new period of steadiness and dignity as it seeks a new framing of jazz — and of its own audience.Newport serves its own interests — its history, its long relationships with particular musicians — and monitors the aesthetic horizon, careful not to make its bookings too obscure or too slick.
3	  WASHINGTON — Elizabeth A. Duke, a Federal Reserve governor who has helped to overhaul the Fed's approach to financial regulation, said on Thursday that she would step down at the end of August.Ms. Duke, just the seventh woman to serve on the Fed's board, has also been a quiet but consistent supporter of Ben S. Bernanke, the Fed chairman, and of the central bank's economic stimulus campaign.In a letter of resignation submitted to President Obama, Ms. Duke, 60, said that she was  proud to have contributed  to those efforts.
1	 If we could somehow rewind the history of life to the dawn of the animal kingdom, it would be unlikely that we humans would ever evolve, the evolutionary biologist Stephen Jay Gould argued. The history of life was shaped by too many flukes and contingencies to repeat its course.Scientists can't turn back the clock 700 million years, so we can't know for sure whether Dr. Gould was right on that particular point. But in experiments using bacteria and other fast-breeding organisms, scientists can replay evolution many times over in their labs.
3	  WASHINGTON — When the Justice Department announced in August that it had filed suit to block the proposed merger of US Airways and American Airlines, it maintained that airline consolidation had gone too far and the proposed merger would lead to higher fares for consumers .But on Tuesday, in reaching a settlement with the airlines, the Justice Department had a far different view, saying that surrendering of takeoff and landing slots at airports would foster competition and lead to lower prices .Analysts and consumer advocates, though, questioned on Wednesday just how much consumers will benefit.Paul S.
3	  European Union regulators are examining the contracts Apple strikes with cellphone carriers that sell its iPhone for possible antitrust violations after several carriers complained that the deals throttled competition.Although they have not filed formal complaints, a group of European wireless carriers recently submitted information about their contracts with Apple to the European Commission, according to a person briefed on the communications with the carriers who asked not to be identified.This person said the accusations focused on Apple's contracts with French carriers, though other countries may also be involved.
2	  You don't want to see me after a rehearsal,  said the mezzo-soprano Alice Coote, looking stylish during a recent prerehearsal interview at the Metropolitan Opera .  I'm sweating and disgusting. I have to sing while being physically active and rolling around the floor and leaping around with guns.  I'm getting fit again in this production,  she added, referring to David McVicar's energetic staging of Handel's  Giulio Cesare,  which opens on Thursday evening at the Met.Ms.
0	 GREENSBORO, N.C. — Patrick Reed listens to wife Justine. And with good reason: She's carrying his clubs.With his wife serving as his caddie, the PGA Tour rookie shot a 6-under 64 on Friday to take a one-stroke lead in the Wyndham Championship . He had an 11-under 129 total. I don't mind her having all the attention,  Reed said.  Less attention for me, which means I can just focus more on my game. Reed had six birdies in a bogey-free round that was a stroke shy of matching his best of the year.
0	 LONDON — Hammering down serves, bickering with the umpire and even engaging in cheeky banter with his opponent's support team, livewire Jerzy Janowicz roared into the Wimbledon quarter-finals on a momentous day for Poland on Monday.The 24th seed came through a ferocious duel with grizzled Austrian Juergen Melzer, winning 3-6 7-6 6-4 4-6 6-4 to set up a last-eight clash with 130th-ranked compatriot Lukasz Kubot.Not since Wojtek Fibak reached three consecutive grand slam quarter-finals in 1980 has a Polish man survived until the last eight and two achieved the feat in a matter of minutes.
1	  WASHINGTON — A study of a dozen of 2012's wildest weather events found that man-made global warming increased the likelihood of about half of them, including Superstorm Sandy's devastating surge and the blistering U.S. summer heat .The other half — including a record wet British summer and the U.S. drought last year — simply reflected the random freakiness of weather, researchers with the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the British meteorological office concluded in a report issued Thursday.
3	  WASHINGTON — A big increase in gasoline prices pushed wholesale inflation up in June by the largest amount in nine months. But underlying inflation showed only a modest gain.Wholesale prices rose .8 percent in June compared with May, when prices rose .5 percent, the Labor Department reported on Friday. It was the biggest gain since a 1 percent increase in September and was driven by a.2 percent surge in gasoline prices .Outside of the volatile energy and food sectors, core inflation was up just.2 percent in June.Core prices have risen .7 percent over the last 12 months.
3	 WAYNESBORO, Ga. — The two nuclear reactors rising out of the red Georgia clay here, twin behemoths of concrete and steel, make up one of the largest construction projects in the United States and represent a giant bet that their cost — in the range of $14 billion — will be cheaper than alternatives like natural gas .But something else is at stake with the reactors called Vogtle 3 and: the future of the American nuclear industry itself.The Alvin W.
4	  WASHINGTON — The man who killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard 10 days ago left behind electronic documents saying that the government had been attacking his brain for the past three months using   extremely low frequency  electromagnetic waves created by the Navy, and that was the reason he needed to lash out, senior law enforcement officials said on Wednesday.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — In a season filled with blunders for the one-win Giants, even the equipment staff is not immune.When center Jim Cordle put on the jersey hanging at his locker Wednesday and hurried to the practice field, he quickly became a target for needling teammates. He had inadvertently worn No. 64, which belongs to David Baas, rather than his own, which was later found at Baas's locker.Cordle turned the situation into an impromptu tribute by continuing to wear the jersey that belonged to Baas, who was placed on injured reserve that day with a knee injury .
2	  I feel like I came in at the end of something great,  Tony Soprano told his therapist in the first episode of  The Sopranos,  the series that turned a little-known actor named James Gandolfini into the definitive postmodern mob boss .Tony wouldn't say what his business really was, and that gave his malaise a more metaphorical feel — the fear of decline he described could just as easily have been about the nation's best years as the job he described as   waste management consultant .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Air Force removed 17 officers assigned to standing watch over nuclear -tipped Minuteman missiles after finding safety violations, potential violations in protecting codes and basic attitude problems.The action, which was taken in April, was disclosed in a blunt memo by Lt. Col. Jay Folds, the deputy commander of a unit that runs the launching control centers for Minuteman III missiles at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota . We as an operations group have fallen,  Colonel Folds wrote in the memo, which complained about   rot in the crew force.
3	  Stocks on Wall Street gained on Wednesday amid cautious optimism that politicians in Washington would strike a last-minute deal to prevent the United States from defaulting on its debt, an event that could roil markets and economies worldwide. In early trading the Standard & Poor's 500-share index rose .7 percent, the Dow Jones industrial average gained .6 percent and the Nasdaq composite was.7 percent higher.The outline of a potential deal was also enough to keep global markets steady. The Euro Stoxx 50 of European blue chips was down.
1	 After 20 years and more than $100 million spent, the effort to save the endangered Iberian lynx is at risk because it fails to factor in the effects of climate change, scientists say.The lynx is a spotted, yellow-eyed feline from Southern Europe that has long faced a dwindling food supply . Its preferred prey, the European rabbit, suffers from disease and over-hunting. Now only 250 lynx remain, mostly in Spain, and conservationists have focused on relocating them to more rabbit-rich habitats in the country.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — One of the prosecution's star witnesses, the young woman who spoke on the phone with Trayvon Martin moments before he was killed, told the jury in the George Zimmerman trial on Wednesday that Mr. Martin was being followed and tried to get away from the man pursuing him.As spectators and jurors looked on rapt, the witness, Rachel Jeantel, 19, a high school senior from Miami and a friend of Mr. Martin's, told her story quietly, sometimes haltingly, sometimes with irritation, at times dabbing her eyes with a tissue.
2	 Despite earlier fears of a rainstorm, the weather was clear and breezy, if muggy, on Wednesday night for the New York Philharmonic 's concert in Prospect Park, the  most beautiful park in these United States,  in the effusive words of Marty Markowitz, the Brooklyn borough president, who addressed the estimated crowd of,000 people. Alan Gilbert, the Philharmonic's music director, conducted the program, which offered a majestic account of Dvorak's great Cello Concerto with Carter Brey, the orchestra's principal cello, as soloist, followed by an assured and stirring performance of Tchaikovsky's Fifth Symphony after intermission.
4	 As Texas Republican leaders continue their drumbeat against what they say is federal overreach by the Obama administration, the Environmental Protection Agency remains a primary target. Attorney General Greg Abbott, a candidate for governor, trumpets the fact that the state has multiple lawsuits targeting the agency, and other candidates for statewide office are also pledging to protect Texas from what they see as encroachment by the E.P.A.But a new law that comfortably passed the State Legislature this year reflects a different reality — that Texas businesses have to live with climate change regulation, regardless of the politics.
2	 Bill Callahan may be easiest to describe by what he isn't quite: a folkie; a country singer ; a cloistered, primitivist weirdo with a four-track recorder; a poet or some other kind of words-only artist. Over the last 23 years, on a string of records made almost exclusively for the Chicago label Drag City, you sense that he's walked past those doors, revising his ideas, waiting, looking for something.He's found it. Listen through his astonishing new album,  Dream River,  and you will hear, lined up neatly, his trademarks.
3	 Toyota agreed on Friday to a settlement with the families of two women in a fatal crash the morning after an Oklahoma jury became the first to find the company responsible for the unintended acceleration of a car.The verdict came after Toyota had won its first three trials over the acceleration issue. Legal analysts said it could embolden plaintiffs in hundreds of other lawsuits that have been filed against the automaker.Terms of the settlement were not disclosed. On Thursday, the jury awarded the families of two Oklahoma women.
1	 Researchers have reconstructed an ancient genome that is 10 times as old as any retrieved so far, and they now say that DNA should be recoverable from animals that lived one million years ago . This would greatly extend biologists' ability to understand the evolutionary past.The genome was that of a horse that lived about,000 years ago in what is now the Yukon Territory in Canada, and its reconstruction has already led to new insights.
2	 Any summer weeknight, Hearst Plaza at Lincoln Center becomes a cultural crossroads. Teenage ballet students lounge on the sloping Illumination Lawn. New York Philharmonic patrons hurry past the reflecting pool. Theatergoers spend intermissions in the wire chairs of the lush tree grove.But if the plaza looks a bit more crowded than usual this Wednesday and Thursday nights, it will be for good reason.
1	 Injections of a decoy protein can restore normal bone growth in mice with dwarfism characteristics, according to a new study, suggesting a possible treatment for humans with the condition.People born with achondroplasia, the most common form of dwarfism, tend to be short in stature with short arms and legs and a relatively larger head, sometimes resulting in problems with the spine and with hearing and breathing. The condition is caused by a single mutation in the gene FGFR, which provides instructions for making a protein involved in the development of bone and brain tissue.
2	 If, as Shakespeare said, all the world's a stage, it's even truer that all New York City's a concert hall . Hardly a day goes by when you won't stumble upon spontaneous music in the city's parks and public spaces .The condition will grow especially acute this Friday when Make Music New York returns for its seventh year. Random encounters are the event's raison d'être, but ever since a percussion troupe rowed out onto the Lake in Central Park to play a Xenakis concert in, new-music groups have outdone themselves in creating destination events.
3	 CANTON, Miss. — The United Automobile Workers — desperate to make inroads in the anti-union South where Toyota, Volkswagen and other foreign automakers have assembly plants — has never tried a unionization drive quite like the one at the Nissan plant here.It has enlisted thousands of union members in Brazil to picket Nissan dealerships there as the company prepares to co-sponsor the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .
4	 The vote was called shortly after 11 a.m. As the votes were counted, one spectator in the gallery stood up and shouted,  As a queer woman of color, I object to these proceedings.  Security guards approached her and others who began to shout as the vote came in: 96 to. House members and supporters in the gallery applauded as officers led some protesters out and carried others from the chamber .
0	 NORMAN, Okla. — Consistency hasn't been a problem for Oklahoma of late.The issue has been finding a way to make the jump from the elite of the Big 12 Conference back to national championship contender. Coach Bob Stoops hopes this is the season the Sooners make that jump, a year that appears to be one of transition for the tradition-rich school. Oklahoma has won 10 games in each of the last three seasons, including a share of the Big 12 title last year, but it enters this season without record-setting quarterback Landry Jones under center for the first time since.
0	 NEW YORK — Alisa Kleybanova of Russia won her first Grand Slam match since being treated for cancer, beating 44th-ranked Monica Puig of Puerto Rico, 3-6, 7-5 on Monday at the U.S. Open.The 24-year-old Kleybanova was ranked as high as 20th, but after missing much of the last two seasons because of her illness is now 363rd. She entered the main draw at Flushing Meadows thanks to the WTA's special ranking rule.Until Monday, she hadn't played in a Grand Slam in 2½ years.
3	 Multinational drug companies now employ more sales agents in China than they do in the United States, their largest market . Several, including Merck and GlaxoSmithKline, are making huge scientific investments in the country, including building research and development centers. Within the next few years, China is poised to surpass Japan as the world's second-largest pharmaceutical market .The booming Chinese demand for drugs could not come at a better time for Western manufacturers, whose sales have been slumping because of patent expirations in the United States and stringent price controls in Europe.
4	  WASHINGTON — Responding to questions from the United States Supreme Court, the Oklahoma Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that a 2011 state law violated the Constitution by effectively banning all medicinal, nonsurgical abortions. The case, already accepted for review by the United States Supreme Court, may be decided this term.The court has not decided a major abortion case since, when it upheld the federal Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act.The new case, Cline v. Oklahoma Coalition for Reproductive Justice, No. 12-1094, concerns a state law that restricted the use of abortion-inducing drugs to a protocol approved by the Food and Drug Administration .
2	 Judging by the old rules and metrics, the boy band has been severely debased in the last couple of years. Gone are the song-and-dance extravaganza groups of decades past. What we have now are the Wanted and One Direction, British imports whose nonchalance can feel like an undermining commentary on the traditional model.
3	 PARIS — The European Parliament on Tuesday sided with the fishing industry by voting against an overall ban on deep-sea trawling, but it agreed to restrict some of the worst excesses of the practice.In a narrow vote of 342 to, with 19 abstentions, lawmakers rejected a proposal to phase out deep-sea trawling in which heavy nets are dragged on the ocean floor at depths of more than 600 meters, or about,000 feet.The Parliament, which meets in Strasbourg in eastern France, did vote to end trawling in areas with ecosystems most at risk, like those rich in slow-growing corals and sponges.
3	  WASHINGTON — A federal appeals court threw out a federal rule on renewable fuels on Friday, saying that a quota set by the Environmental Protection Agency for incorporating liquids made from woody crops and wastes into car and truck fuels was based on wishful thinking rather than realistic estimates of what could be achieved.The ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia involved a case brought by the American Petroleum Institute, whose members were bound by the 2012 cellulosic biofuels quota being challenged.
4	 Under current law, they would have had to take 15 state standardized exams to graduate. With the changes in House Bill 5 that begin in the coming school year, they will need to pass only. Shortly after Mr. Perry signed the bill, which cleared both chambers of the Legislature unanimously, the Texas Education Agency announced that current high school students would not have to retake exams they had failed in any of the six subjects that the new law removed from the state's testing requirements. They are algebra II, chemistry, English III, geometry, physics and world history.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Former champion Louis Oosthuizen withdrew from the British Open halfway through his opening round on Thursday with a recurrence of a neck-related injury.The South African, a surprise winner at St Andrews in, had labored to four over par after eight holes on a baking Muirfield course when he quit on the ninth. Oosthuizen, 30, had just double-bogeyed the par-three seventh and followed that with a bogey on eight when he called time on his round after his tee shot on the ninth.
2	 A formal description of Luigi Dallapiccola's one-act  Il Prigioniero,  a bleak 12-tone opera about a despairing prisoner during the Spanish Inquisition, might not sound like a crowd pleaser. Still, the conductor Alan Gilbert is giving New York Philharmonic audiences a rare chance to experience this sensual and mysterious 1950 work as part of Gilbert's Playlist, a series devoted to his favorites. I share his enthusiasm for  Il Prigioniero,  which I first saw in a wrenching production at the Paris National Opera in.Though this will be a concert performance, the drama comes from Dallapiccola's powerful score.
3	 PARIS — To get to the Air France first-class lounge at Charles de Gaulle International Airport, travelers are whisked from their cars by a uniformed escort, taken to a private check-in station and ushered through sliding glass doors that separate the ordinary airport mayhem from the relaxing retreat within.In providing this kind of lavish welcome, Air France is not alone. From the billiards table in the expansive lounge in Istanbul, to the private music listening stations at Delta's,000- square-foot Sky Club in Atlanta, airlines are offering over-the-top amenities to business and first-class flyers — with considerable success.
4	  The National Labor Relations Board has been thrown into a strange legal limbo — with the possibility that more than 300 of its decisions over the last year could be nullified — as a result of a federal appeals court ruling on Friday that President Obama 's recess appointments to the board were invalid.By ruling that Mr. Obama's three recess appointments last January were illegal, the federal appeals court ruling, if upheld, would leave the board with just one member, short of the quorum needed to issue any rulings .
3	 If you're a corporate executive, this may be one of the last sentences you want to hear:  Erich Spangenberg is on the line.  Invariably, Mr. Spangenberg, the 53-year-old owner of IPNav, is calling to discuss a patent held by one of his clients, which he says your company is infringing — and what are you going to do about it?Mr. Spangenberg is likely to open the conversation on a diplomatic note, but if you put up enough resistance, or try to shrug him off, he can also, as he put it,  go thug.
0	 By most accounts, Carmelo Anthony was a better, more dedicated passer last season. Knicks fans saw it. Teammates praised him for it. Yet Anthony's assist average, 2.6 per game, was the lowest of his career. Clearly, there was a piece missing in this equation.The N.B.A. is about to provide that piece, and thousands of others, to all 30 teams — and, perhaps soon after, to all fans.
4	  WASHINGTON — A mutiny has erupted among photographers who cover President Obama over what they say is the White House's increasing practice of excluding them from events involving the president and then releasing its own photos or video.On Thursday, the White House Correspondents' Association and 37 news organizations submitted a letter to the press secretary, Jay Carney, protesting what photographers said amounted to the establishment of the White House's own Soviet-style news service, which gets privileged access to Mr. Obama at the expense of journalists who cover the president.
4	  DETROIT — The City Council is both anxious and defiant. Public employees' unions are bracing for a showdown. Protests and lawsuits are promised. Meanwhile, the mayor has simply stopped talking about what is on nearly everyone's mind in this troubled city.All across Detroit, tension is building as a state-appointed emergency manager prepares to take control of the city government on Monday and begin a drastic restructuring of its finances and operations. There is anxiety. There is fear of the unknown,  said Yolanda Langston, the president of a Service Employees International Union's local in Detroit .
4	 At:42 a.m. on Feb. 14, a conservative online magazine called The Washington Free Beacon posted a dispatch about a speech Chuck Hagel gave in 2007 in which it said he called the State Department  an adjunct to the Israeli foreign minister's office. The report was based on  contemporaneous  notes an attendee posted online . An hour later on the floor of the United States Senate, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina urgently cited that statement as another reason to delay Mr. Hagel's nomination as defense secretary .Mr. Hagel denied saying it, and no recording has surfaced.
0	 Adel Borghei spent Saturday at the United States Open, inside Louis Armstrong Stadium, clad in the navy blue uniform of a referee. He wore sunglasses and made line calls and blended into the background, even if this was far from a normal day at work. United States sanctions against Iran had prevented Borghei, 32, from working at the tournament, and as the first week of the Open neared a conclusion Friday, he looked into booking a return trip to Iran . He figured his appeal would take too long. He did not expect to work this Open.
3	 LONDON — A delay in any product can hurt a company's bottom line. But for a video game maker, the pain of delaying a potential blockbuster is even more acute.That was evidenced on Wednesday when shares of the French video game maker Ubisoft fell more than 26 percent after the company announced it was postponing a major new game to improve its quality.The game, Watch Dogs, has had early comparisons to the successful Grand Theft Auto franchise from one of Ubisoft's rivals, Take-Two Interactive.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — As the trial of George Zimmerman enters its second week on Monday, it appears that the prosecution is struggling to meet the burden of proving him guilty of second-degree murder, legal analysts said.The first week of the trial featured testimony from prosecution witnesses that in many instances bolstered Mr. Zimmerman's argument of self-defense rather than the state's case, the analysts said.
4	  WASHINGTON — When American analysts hunting terrorists sought new ways to comb through the troves of phone records, e-mails and other data piling up as digital communications exploded over the past decade, they turned to Silicon Valley computer experts who had developed complex equations to thwart Russian mobsters intent on credit card fraud.The partnership between the intelligence community and Palantir Technologies, a Palo Alto, Calif.
0	  BALTIMORE — On a night when Stephen Drew used his bat to hit two homers and drive in five runs, David Ortiz took his best swings at a couple of dugout phones .Drew revived the quiet Boston offense with a stellar performance, and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 7-3 Saturday night in a game that featured a memorable and destructive tirade by Ortiz.Starting for the sixth time since coming off the disabled list with a strained hamstring, Drew hit a three-run shot in the fourth inning and connected with a man on in the sixth.
0	 In August, weeks before his second N.F.L. season, there were questions about Eli Manning 's durability. Tim Hasselbeck said he remembered them well.In the second preseason game that summer, against Carolina, Manning sprained his right elbow. Hasselbeck, the Giants' backup quarterback, started the next game, against the Jets. He started again a week later against New England and began wondering if he would soon be starting regularly. I was going into that scenario thinking, Wow, here we are in the preseason and this dude's getting hurt,  said Hasselbeck, now an ESPN analyst.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama stepped into the space on Wednesday where the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr . once stood, summoning his iconic dream of a colorblind society in a celebration of a half-century of progress and a call to arms for the next generation.On a day of overcast skies and misty rain, tens of thousands of Americans — black, white and every shade in between — returned to the site of Dr.
0	  HOUSTON — The Seattle Mariners only managed one hit against Houston on Saturday night . That big swing by Michael Saunders was all they needed to put away the last-place Astros .Saunders got Seattle's only hit with a two-run double with two outs in the seventh inning to lift the Mariners to a 4-2 victory.Erik Bedard (3-7) pitched 6 1-3 innings of no-hit ball before he was replaced by Jose Cisnero, who walked Mike Zunino with two outs before the double by Saunders put Seattle ahead.
3	 HILTON HOTELS AND RESORTS, the flagship brand of Hilton Worldwide, has joined forces with The Onion, the satirical news Web site, to attract leisure travelers to its hotels, following in the footsteps of other advertisers who are using humor to lure younger customers .Onion Labs, the creative services arm of the publishing company, has helped Hilton Hotels and Resorts create a Web site, vacationcarecenter.hilton.com, that lets users diagnose their vacation needs and receive customized prescriptions for visits to Hilton hotels to cure what ails them.Onion Labs has created cartoons that represent humorous ailments that afflict workers in need of a vacation.
3	 Sven Olaf Kamphuis calls himself the  minister of telecommunications and foreign affairs for the Republic of CyberBunker.  Others see him as the Prince of Spam.Mr. Kamphuis, who is actually Dutch, is at the heart of an international investigation into one of the biggest cyberattacks identified by authorities . He has not been charged with any crime and he denies direct involvement.
0	 With little left in another lost season, Mets are focused on the performance of their young players .Travis d'Arnaud and Vic Black gave the team — and their moms — something to be excited about Sunday.The slumping d'Arnaud had a run-scoring single with two outs 12th inning and Black earned his first career win in the Mets' 1-0 victory over the Miami Marlins at Citi Field . It's big,  d'Arnaud said.  Extra- inning game, bases loaded, and just get that hit. It's an undescribable feeling.
4	  ATLANTA — The number of guns confiscated at airports across the United States is on the rise, the Transportation Security Administration says.A record-setting,500 firearms were detected by security screeners in, according to the agency. That number is up from about,300 in. And nearly 85 percent of the weapons were loaded. It does concern us that this number is rising,  said Lisa Farbstein, an agency spokeswoman.  But we will not speculate on the causes. The agency allows passengers with proper permits to fly with guns that are unloaded and stored in hard-sided checked baggage.
3	  MINNEAPOLIS — A few months ago, Michael N. Felix's phone started ringing again after four years of silence. Mr. Felix is a land broker whose business dried up when the housing market crashed. But with home prices now rising faster than anyone expected, builders are again looking for what, in the land trade, is referred to as dirt.Already, developers report that the cost of land in the most desirable areas is double what it was two years ago . At least three golf courses in the Minneapolis - St .
3	 When federal regulators permitted the sale of an unproved device that uses intense heat to combat cancer, they did so for a compelling reason, to give hope to some women desperately ill with cervical cancer .Over the next two years, however, the few hospitals that purchased the,000 device did not take part in a study of patients that the manufacturer agreed to perform as a part of the machine's approval. Cancer experts also said they were surprised that the Food and Drug Administration had approved the machine in the first place.The reason: The group of women for whom the F.D.A.
2	  A couple of years ago, when the Odd Future major-domo Tyler, the Creator made his television performance debut on   Late Night With Jimmy Fallon,  it was a transfixing eruption of untamed energy and nerve, pop savvy and mayhem, ending with his jumping on Mr. Fallon's back and grinning for the cameras, a misfit who just ran wild through the castle.
3	  TORONTO — Sandwiched between two rail lines in this city's core, great factories once produced the finest Canada could offer the world: Magic baking powder, Brunswick bowling alley flooring and Massey Ferguson farm equipment .Those factories and many others here have been long abandoned or demolished, but the area is bustling. It is now called Liberty Village and it is packed with high-rise condominiums, largely built over the last five years, with many more still under construction.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Wednesday nominated Sally Jewell, the chief executive of Recreational Equipment Inc., to lead the Interior Department, with a vow that she will balance the agency's sometimes conflicting mandates to promote resource development and preserve the nation's natural heritage.If confirmed, Ms. Jewell, a former oil company engineer and longtime advocate for conservation and outdoor recreation, will take over a department that has been embroiled in controversy over the regulation of oil and gas on public lands and in the Gulf of Mexico and Arctic Ocean .
1	 Scientists have finally succeeded in using cloning to create human embryonic stem cells, a step toward developing replacement tissue to treat diseases but one that might also hasten the day when it will be possible to create cloned babies.The researchers, at Oregon Health and Science University, took skin cells from a baby with a genetic disease and fused them with donated human eggs to create human embryos that were genetically identical to the 8-month-old. They then extracted stem cells from those embryos.
4	 ARLINGTON, Va. — Older women in hoop skirts and petticoats came together with youthful sailors in their dress blues for a rare public double interment at Arlington National Cemetery on Friday.After a chapel service that included remarks by the secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, more than 500 people, including regiments of Civil War re-enactors and teenagers in camouflage-patterned pants, watched as the coffins, carried by horse-drawn wagon, were prepared for burial by a 76-member ceremonial guard.
4	 N.R.A. Unveils Plan to Arm School Guards: The Times's Sheryl Gay Stolberg discusses a new proposal commissioned by the National Rifle Association to place trained guards in American schools . WASHINGTON — With the Senate set to debate gun control this month, a National Rifle Association task force released a 225- page report on Tuesday that called for armed police officers, security guards or staff members in every American school, and urged states to loosen gun restrictions to allow trained teachers and administrators to carry weapons .
0	  BEIJING — What is the quickest way for a professional athlete in Taiwan to get a sponsorship deal ? Perhaps by threatening to shift her allegiance to China .A Taiwanese tennis champion tapped into her homeland's deep political insecurities after word spread that she was willing to become a citizen of China . That is, if she gets the right endorsement contract. Taiwan is a self-governing island, but China regards it as a breakaway province.
4	  WASHINGTON — His name won't be on any ballot in. Or ever again, for that matter.But plenty of Republicans are still eager to wage a midterm campaign against President Obama, convinced that the spate of recent troubles dogging his second term will drive voters into their arms next year. Now, we're seeing the arrogance. We're seeing the cronyism in practice in this second term,  Representative Paul D .
3	 Hoping to reverse two decades of declining oil production in Alaska, the State Legislature in Juneau has granted oil companies an estimated $750 million in annual tax relief to increase investment in the giant North Slope oil field .The tax change, approved on Sunday, was a major victory for Exxon Mobil, ConocoPhillips and BP, which had lobbied for years to repeal a tax system put in place by former Gov . Sarah Palin in 2007 that made state oil taxes among the highest in the nation.
4	  WASHINGTON — Being a witness to history can be messy business . And for those waiting outside the Supreme Court on Monday for one of the few coveted tickets to hear oral arguments in a pair of same-sex marriage cases this week, it was also cold, wet and tedious. Yeah, this is just not comfortable,  said Taylor Carter, a 19-year-old college student who was trying to stay dry beneath a large blue tarpaulin that was barely shielding her and her 12-year-old brother and 15-year-old sister from the slushy mixture falling from the sky.
4	  John Lewis on Race and Voting Rights : Ahead of the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, Congressman and civil rights leader John Lewis discusses race relations and voting rights with reporter Sheryl Stolberg. WASHINGTON — John Lewis was the 23-year-old son of Alabama sharecroppers and already a veteran of the civil rights movement when he came to the capital 50 years ago this month to deliver a fiery call for justice on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial .Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Initial jobless claims fell to their lowest level last week since the spring of, the Labor Department said on Thursday. Or not.The reported figure, which estimated that jobless claims had dropped to,000, about,000 fewer than the week before, seemingly suggested that the economy was finally entering a self-sustaining recovery on the back of a healing job market .The number, however, is unreliable, the government said, skewed by upgrades on two state computer systems that caused those states to underreport claims.
3	 FRANKFURT — The German engineering company Siemens is appointing the co- chief executive of the business software maker SAP to its board to replace Josef Ackermann, who resigned after the board's decision to push out the company's chief executive, Peter Löscher.The appointment was one of several changes in top Siemens management announced on Wednesday as the company tries to move past the upheaval surrounding Mr. Löscher's departure in July.Mr.
0	 Usually at this point in the offseason, pro tennis player Melanie Oudin is putting in at least six hours a day of court time and fitness work.Right now, as the 2009 U.S. Open quarterfinalist recovers from a muscle-damaging condition she says caused her arms to swell  like balloons,  Oudin is under doctor's orders to limit herself to one hour a day of running. Nothing more: no racket-swinging, and definitely no weightlifting .The 22-year-old American is not sure when she will be back playing tennis and might not be on tour by next month's Australian Open .
3	 PARIS — After striking an unprecedented deal in March to make many bank depositors help pay for an international bailout, Cyprus on Monday received €2 billion, the first installment of that money, aimed at buttressing the economy after the near-collapse of its banking sector .European officials say the release of the funds, equivalent to.6 billion, was recently approved by a working group of the 17 euro zone finance ministers, who gathered Monday evening in Brussels for their regular monthly meeting. Cypriot efforts to stabilize the economy may be on the agenda.
0	  Sergio Garcia could have stopped after he whined about fans of Tiger Woods making too much noise on the golf course. He should have stopped after saying Woods is not a nice person who has been lying to the media since the first time he stepped into an interview room .That he didn't close his mouth may end up to be Garcia's biggest regret in a career already chock full of them. The problem is, I'm one of the guys that has to say something,  Garcia said the other day.
1	 It was a single word tucked into a presidential speech. It went by so fast that most Americans probably never heard it, much less took the time to wonder what it meant.But to certain young ears, the word had the shock value of a rifle shot. The reference occurred late in President Obama's climate speech at Georgetown University two weeks ago, in the middle of this peroration: Convince those in power to reduce our carbon pollution . Push your own communities to adopt smarter practices. Invest. Divest. Remind folks there's no contradiction between a sound environment and strong economic growth .
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — A gauge of investment plans by American businesses improved in December, a sign that companies were betting that the economy would pick up despite fears over tighter fiscal policy .The Commerce Department said on Monday that new orders for capital goods increased.6 percent last month. The category of nondefense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for investment plans, edged up.2 percent in December.In a further sign of business confidence, the November reading on capital spending plans was revised higher to show a 3 percent gain, up from the.
0	 For teams loaded at nearly every position, the smallest advantage can mean a world of difference. In the case of these bitter division rivals — potentially the N.F.C. teams best suited for long playoff runs — the search for an edge has resulted in a highly anticipated waiting game to see which team's star wide receiver will be the first to return from injury.On Nov. 17, Seattle's Percy Harvin, the team's prized off-season acquisition, came back from hip surgery . But after just one game, and one reception, Harvin had a setback that might keep him out until the playoffs.
4	  DENVER — As he made his way across the country, Joe Bell walked through rain squalls, slept in ditches and talked to anyone who would listen about how his gay son had killed himself after being taunted and bullied at school.Mr. Bell's artificial knees ached and his feet were mapped with blisters, but he told friends and strangers that he was determined to make it on foot from his home in eastern Oregon to New York City, where his son, Jadin, 15, had dreamed of one day working in fashion or photography.
4	 FLORENCE, S.C. — Brenda B. Culick has two stents in her heart and a severe wound in her right leg, injured while she was doing home repairs six months ago . But she cannot afford to see a cardiologist or go to a wound care center.Her household income is,200 a month, but she does not qualify for Medicaid because she has no dependent children and is not disabled. Ms.
0	 TOWSON, Md. — When Coach Rob Ambrose arrived at Towson University in, he had one goal for the Tigers' moribund football program that he would not mention. For two years, I never said the word 'win' on purpose because we were in no position to have that discussion,  Ambrose said.  We had to coach effort. We had to get kids to actually play hard . He introduced:30 a.m. spring practices. He tried to make players quit if they were not dedicated to the program, and he sometimes succeeded.
0	 William & Mary could not keep a solid first-half effort going at West Virginia on Saturday.The Tribe, of the Football Championship Subdivision, built a 10- point halftime lead but quickly lost momentum in the heat and fell to the Mountaineers, 24-17. I honestly don't think that there's anything to be happy about,  William & Mary wide receiver Tre McBride said.  Obviously, we played well; there were some highlights in the game where we came out and worked hard .
4	 The Verdict on Whitey Bulger: James (Whitey) Bulger, the mobster who terrorized South Boston in the 1970s and '80s while he led the notorious Winter Hill Gang, was convicted on Monday. BOSTON — James (Whitey) Bulger, the mobster who terrorized South Boston in the 1970s and '80s, holding the city in his thrall even after he disappeared, was convicted Monday of a sweeping array of gangland crimes, including 11 murders. He faces the prospect of spending the rest of his life in prison .The verdict delivers long-delayed justice to Mr.
3	  Federal securities regulators on Tuesday fined a municipal debt issuer for the first time, accusing the seller of bonds used to finance an ice rink that ultimately fell into default with misleading investors about the project's viability.In a strong signal that it is serious about clamping down on misbehavior by municipal bond issuers, the Securities and Exchange Commission extracted a,000 penalty from a special facilities district in the city of Wenatchee, Wash., about 140 miles east of Seattle .Piper Jaffray, the bank that arranged the sale of the.
1	 It's not quite a chicken-and-egg paradox, but scientists have long wondered which came first, teeth or scales. A new analysis of some toothlike fossils suggests the answer may be scales, contradicting decades of conventional wisdom .The idea that teeth came first was based largely on 500- million -year-old fossil fragments known as conodonts. They look like teeth or spines, and contain tissue that resembles dentin and enamel, strongly implying they were an early precursor to teeth in vertebrates — appearing long before the emergence of scales.
2	 Before Amazon, Hulu and Netflix started soaking up all the oxygen in the streaming-video world, other companies were trying to establish themselves as purveyors of television-quality original Web shows.One that has survived, and is still in there swinging, is Crackle. Backed by the deep pockets of Sony Pictures Entertainment, it's been around since, offering episodes of Sony-distributed television series like  Seinfeld,   Damages  and  Rescue Me  and short-form original series like  The Bannen Way  and Jerry Seinfeld's  Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee. This year, though, Crackle has turned its attention to longer shows.
4	  WASHINGTON — When Jude Kenan Mohammad was about 18 and living in Raleigh, N.C., according to people who knew him, he came under the influence of an older man, Daniel Patrick Boyd, who taught him a violent, radical version of Islam.Mr. Boyd would be charged in 2009 and eventually imprisoned as the ringleader of a group of North Carolina residents who had vowed to carry out a violent jihad both in the United States and overseas. Mr. Mohammad was also charged, but by then, partly at the direction of Mr.
0	 OAKVILLE, Ontario — Brendan Steele topped the Canadian Open leaderboard Thursday at 7-under, birdieing five of the first seven holes on his back nine at Glen Abbey. I love being up here,  Steele said.  I played in '06 and '07 on PGA Tour Canada now. And really, got me ready to play the Nationwide Tour, which I played in ', '09 and '. It was a great progression in my life. I had a great time up here. Made a lot of friends and spent two summers traveling the country.
3	  HONG KONG — On the first floor of a hulking residential building, at the end of a dimly lighted corridor, a narrow door opens up into Hong Kong's economic underbelly.Twenty-two men live in this particular 450- square-foot apartment in the neighborhood of Mong Kok, in cubicles each hardly larger than a single bed, stacked above one another along two narrow passageways that end in a dank toilet and shower room.Each cupboardlike cubicle has a sliding door, a small television, some shelves and a thin mattress. Most of the men have lived here for months, some for years.
0	  PALO ALTO, Calif. — Inside the Stanford weight room earlier this football season, there were weight vests and wooden sticks and core boards . There were kettle bells and roller pads and something called a Bod Pod, a white, egg-shaped contraption that measures body fat .There were football players, too: pairs with legs bent, a towel held between them for balance; others climbing ropes like back in gym class; working on hip mobility and shoulder stability ; the focus not on brute strength, even for a team as physical as Stanford .
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Space station astronauts repaired a crippled cooling system during a rare Christmas Eve spacewalk Tuesday, braving a  mini blizzard   of noxious ammonia as they popped in a new pump.It was the second spacewalk in four days for U.S. astronauts Rick Mastracchio and Michael Hopkins, and only the second Christmas Eve spacewalk ever.NASA ordered up the spacewalks to revive a critical cooling loop at the International Space Station . All nonessential equipment had to be turned off when the line conked out Dec. 11, and many science experiments halted.
3	 NEW ORLEANS — BP finally faced off in court Monday against an army of federal and state prosecutors, lawyers and even its contract partners over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill three years ago, contending that it alone should not shoulder blame for the rig explosion that killed 11 workers and soiled beaches and marshes from Louisiana to Florida .
0	 After every match on American soil, the United States Soccer Federation develops a few photographs from the game, puts them inside a picture frame and presents them as a souvenir to visiting opponents .But when the traveling contingent from Costa Rica departed Commerce City, Colo., in March after a contentious World Cup qualifying game, the parting gift was left behind and later broken to pieces as it sat alongside the other trash at the stadium.Mementos, it turned out, were unnecessary.
0	 One of the more pleasing occurrences at the women's Final Four did not involve a basket, or a rebound, or a net-cutting ceremony. Simply, Caroline Doty trotted onto the court Tuesday night, the first of the five Connecticut starters before its national championship game against Louisville .Doty, a fifth-year senior guard, made it to the career finish line, pretty much on one leg and, perhaps, as a future coach on the court .
0	 CORTLAND, N.Y. — Marty Mornhinweg swiveled in his office at the Jets ' facility recently and grabbed a green folder, about three inches thick, from inside the top drawer of his file cabinet . When I need a couple hundred dollars, maybe I'll take it to the pawnshop,  Mornhinweg said.Never would he do such a thing. In that folder are documents that seemed better off preserved behind glass, hermetically sealed for generations of football -loving historians to enjoy.
2	 Lauren Mayberry has a few different voices: saccharine and heavily processed, sinewy and direct, proud and triumphant . On  Recover,  the new single from the Glasgow band Chvrches, she uses them all. And yet they're all masks of a sort. At the core of this song, the title track of the new Chvrches EP (on Glassnote, is fear, maybe even weakness.  If I recover,  she pleads,  will you be my comfort?  It's not even close to clear that the answer will be yes.
2	 For the last few years, Garth Brooks, ubiquitous high-energy country megastar of the 1990s, has been more or less in hiding, spending time with his family and only peeking his head out from under his shell for occasional one-man shows — focusing on the music that influenced him — at the Wynn Las Vegas casino, where he had a residency beginning in.In his heyday, Mr. Brooks was a genre radical hiding in plain sight : a tremendous ham, a stage natural and an irrepressible performer. He was louder and more daring than his peers, taking country into a rarefied pop air.
3	 PARIS — A French court on Monday ordered the German carmaker Daimler and the French media conglomerate Lagardère to face a criminal trial on allegations of insider trading in the 2006 sale of shares in the European aerospace and defense group EADS.In a civil ruling in 2009 on similar accusations, the French stock market regulator cleared both companies and more than a dozen executives of civil allegations.
1	 A professor at the University of California, San Diego, Dr. Sharma had to spend months at a time away from home, coordinating a team of physicists at the Large Hadron Collider, here just outside Geneva . But on April, 2011, Meera Sharma's 7th birthday, he flew to California for some much-needed family time.  We had a fine birthday, a beautiful day,  he recalled.Then Dr. Sharma was alerted to a blog post . There it was reported that a rival team of physicists had beaten his team to the discovery of the Higgs boson — the long-sought  God particle.
4	 Awaiting a Supreme Court Ruling : The New York Times asked readers how Supreme Court decisions on gay marriage might affect them. For Hampton and Michael Catlin, a binational couple, the ruling could determine where they live. WASHINGTON — Within days, the Supreme Court is expected to issue a series of decisions that could transform three fundamental social institutions : marriage, education and voting.
4	 FRESNO, Calif. — Like Scotch broom and dandelions, despair can be invasive. This is why, every Monday, Lee Lee, a Hmong refugee, puts on her sun hat and flip-flops, grabs the hoe handmade by her father and brother in Laos and heads to the Hmong Village Community Garden here, where she tends rows of purple lemon grass, bitter melon and medicinal herbs along with other Hmong women. It lightens the load,  said Ms. Lee, whose depression has led her to think about suicide.  It brings peace, so I do not forget who I am.
2	 The energy that characterizes New York City finds artistic release in dance. Other cities around the world have important dance scenes, but for diversity and vitality this one has no match. Here ballet and modern mingle with tap and jazz. Here ethnic and experimental mixed media works find devoted audiences. Here it's natural to find the formal colliding with the forward-looking. And during the main season, from September to June, it's not unusual to find a dozen dance productions opening in a week.
3	 The proposition that low tax rates produce higher economic growth has been a central plank of the Republican platform since I was a teenager.In,  The Blues Brothers  were making the jump from   Saturday Night Live   to cult status on the silver screen when Representative Jack F. Kemp of New York, an economic adviser to President-elect Ronald Reagan, warned that taxes were  strangling the ability of the private sector and the American people to grow and expand and invest and save.
0	 NEW YORK — New York Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman regrets the language but not the message he delivered to injured third baseman Alex Rodriguez, who violated club policy and contradicted him in a comment about his return from injury. ESPN .com reported that Cashman had told one of their reporters who relayed an A-Rod Tweet to him on Tuesday that Rodriguez should be quiet.Cashman's response generated headlines across the back pages of New York's tabloids on Wednesday.
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — A passing game scrutinized for weeks suddenly is on a nice roll for San Francisco . At the perfect time, too, with a playoff berth at stake.For Colin Kaepernick, it sure helps to have his entire receiving corps healthy at last.First Mario Manningham returned, and now Michael Crabtree made his season debut for the 49 ers (8-4) in Sunday's 23-13 victory against the St . Louis Rams . Add Anquan Boldin and tight end Vernon Davis to that group and Kaepernick has plenty of choices when it comes to throwing the ball down field.
0	  CINCINNATI — Cesar Izturis drove in three runs, matching his season total, and Mat Latos doubled home two more on Saturday, rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 13-4 victory over the Seattle Mariners .The Reds got only their second win over Seattle in interleague play . The Mariners are 9-2 overall in the series.Manager Dusty Baker decided to give Izturis his ninth start at shortstop so he could get some at-bats and stay sharp. Izturis singled home a run in the second and doubled home two more in the fifth off Jeremy Bonderman.
4	  WASHINGTON — Medicare beneficiaries can sign up for private health plans starting Tuesday, but federal officials fear that many of them, out of confusion, might go to the new federal insurance exchange .In fact, people with Medicare generally cannot buy insurance through the exchange . Policies sold there duplicate many benefits provided by Medicare, and it is illegal for insurance companies, agents and brokers to sell such polices to people known to have Medicare, federal officials said Monday.
0	 (Reuters) - American Brooks Koepka led the way in qualifying at Sunningdale on Monday for next month's British Open while Ryder Cup captains Jose-Maria Olazabal and Paul McGinley both failed to make it to Muirfield .Koepka, a 23-year-old from Florida, finished on five-under after the 36-hole session, one shot better than Briton Oliver Fisher.The American turned professional after missing the cut at this year's U.S. Open and has already won three times on the European Challenge Tour, earning his entry into the full European Tour for the rest of 2013 and the whole of next year.
3	  FACTORY robots are usually caged off from humans on the assembly line lest the machines' powerful steel arms deliver an accidental, bone-crunching right hook.But now, gentler industrial robots, designed to work and play well with others, are coming out from behind their protective fences to work shoulder-to-shoulder with people. It's an advance made possible by sophisticated algorithms and improvements in sensing technologies like computer vision.The key to these new robots is the ability to respond more flexibly, anticipating and adjusting to what humans want.
4	  WASHINGTON — The government shutdown that ended this week will cost the United States economy several billion dollars, according to estimates by economic research firms .But the affiliated damage — like the undermining of consumer and business confidence — will be far greater, economists said, especially combined with the financial effects of the near-breach of the country's statutory debt ceiling .When the federal government shut down on Oct. 1, permit offices across the country stopped accepting fees, contractors stopped receiving checks and research projects became stalled.
3	 A group of health advocates and public health officials from major cities around the country are asking the Food and Drug Administration to regulate the amount of caloric sweeteners in sodas and other beverages, arguing that the scientific consensus is that the level of added sugars in those products is unsafe.The group, led by the Center for Science in the Public Interest and including public health departments from Boston to Los Angeles, said that the F.D.A.
0	  CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — Demarcus Holland scored on a stickback of his own free throw with.1 seconds left to help Texas hold on and beat No. 14 North Carolina 86-83 on Wednesday night .Holland finished with 15 points for the Longhorns, who survived a missed 3-pointer from UNC's Marcus Paige on the final play to earn their sixth straight win.Isaiah Taylor scored 16 points to lead Texas, while Javan Felix added 12 — including two key baskets in the final 2 minutes to answer a tying spurt from the Tar Heels .
0	 (Reuters) - Denver Broncos head coach John Fox returned to work on Monday, rejoining his first-place team almost one month since undergoing open- heart surgery . Fox was taken to a hospital in Charlotte, North Carolina, after feeling light-headed while playing golf on November 2 and had an aortic heart valve replacement two days later. I feel as healthy as I've ever felt over the last 20 years,  Fox, 58, told reporters .  Our team is still in good position. I had open- heart surgery and watching those games was harder than any pain I felt.
3	  WASHINGTON — Fewer people signed contracts to buy American homes in July, but the level stayed close to a six-and-a-half-year high. The modest decline suggests that higher mortgage rates have yet to slow sales sharply. The National Association of Realtors said its seasonally adjusted index for pending home sales declined.3 percent, to.5 in July. That is close to May's reading of.3, which was the highest since December.The small decline suggests that sales of previously owned homes should remain healthy in the coming months . There is generally a one- to two-month lag between a signed contract and a completed sale.
2	  LOS ANGELES — On Groundhog Day, Hollywood's black-tie set will watch the Directors Guild of America hand its feature award to a filmmaker whose movie will go on to win the best picture Oscar three weeks later.At least it has worked that way 9 out of 10 times in the last decade.But this year not even Punxsutawney Phil, who emerges to look for his shadow on Feb. 2, can be sure. For those who make an annual game or even business out of Oscar predictions, 2013 has turned into a weird weather year where film directors are concerned.On Jan.
2	 Roxy Music, the British band that thrived in the 1970s, built its audience — and then lost parts of it — by creating and then quickly confounding expectations. With a lineup that included the guitar, bass and drums standard in rock, as well as the electronica pioneer Brian Eno, and a reed player, Andy Mackay, whose oboe and saxophone lines gave the group a quirkily distinctive sound, Roxy Music often put a futuristic gloss on traditional song forms.
3	  Stocks gained for a second straight week as companies began releasing earnings reports, keeping the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index within a fraction of its highest level in five years.The S.& P. 500 was little changed Friday, gaining 5 points during the week to close at,472.05. On Thursday, the index was at,472.12, its highest level since December. The Dow Jones industrial average rose .21 points, to,488.43. The Nasdaq composite index rose .87 to,125.63. For the week, the Dow rose 53 points and the Nasdaq rose 24 points.
2	 Amid comic book epics, bromantic comedies and sequels of sequels, films about America's tortured racial history have recently emerged as a surprisingly lucrative Hollywood staple. In the last two years,  The Help,   Lincoln,   Django Unchained,  42  and   Lee Daniels' The Butler   have performed well at the box office, gathering awards in some cases and drawing varying degrees of critical acclaim.The latest entry in this unlikely genre is  12 Years a Slave,  the director Steve McQueen's adaptation of Solomon Northup's 1853 memoir.
4	  WASHINGTON — Supporters of the Rev. Emil J. Kapaun, an Army chaplain who died a prisoner in the Korean War, are still working to have him declared a Catholic saint for his lifesaving ministrations to them. But for now, they have the satisfaction of seeing him posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor at the White House .In an East Room ceremony on Thursday, President Obama presented the blue sash and five-pointed star to an emotional Ray Kapaun, a nephew.
2	 AUSTIN, Tex. — Two images linger from this year's South by Southwest Music festival, which ended Sunday after five nights and days with hundreds of performances. One has been the major part of SXSW for all of its 27 years: sharing the crowded sidewalks with sleep-deprived but bright-eyed musicians toting their own equipment to the next gig. The other is more recent: a 62-foot-high outdoor stage built to resemble a snack-chip vending machine that turned into a six-story video billboard when it wasn't showing live performances .
0	 The Jets will hold their season-ending news conference with Coach Rex Ryan and their owner, Woody Johnson, on Tuesday — nine days after the end of their season.Much has happened since Ryan last spoke, on Sunday after a 28-9 defeat at Buffalo that secured a 6-10 record for a team that spoke of 16-0 perfection. The Jets fired their general manager, Mike Tannenbaum, but have maintained silence about the status of their embattled offensive coordinator, Tony Sparano.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, is prepared to move forward with a vote that could severely limit the minority party's ability to filibuster presidential nominees, possibly as early as this week, Democrats said Tuesday.Exasperated with the refusal of Senate Republicans to confirm many of President Obama's nominees, Mr. Reid has been speaking individually with members of his caucus to gauge whether there is enough support to change filibuster rules.
3	  BEIJING — A year after their China sales were battered by protests in a territorial dispute, Japan's big automakers are finding it tough to bounce back in the Chinese market . In particular, they are struggling where demand for cars is rising fastest — in provinces where anti- Japan sentiment historically runs deepest, a legacy of Japanese occupation around World War II .
2	 Beginning in the 1930s the Texas -born filmmaker Melton Barker spent nearly four decades scurrying across America with a script and a camera, methodically making and remaking the same two-reel film . This might seem like a story of creative obsession — a compulsive monomaniac so intent on achieving aesthetic perfection that he became subsumed by his work — but Barker, one of at least several itinerant filmmakers working in the first half of the 20th century, was more huckster than auteur.
0	 PARIS — Defending champion Rafa Nadal labeled the French Open schedule  a joke  and revealed he had struggled to motivate himself after reaching the third round with an unconvincing victory over Slovakian Martin Klizan on Friday. Nadal, seeking his eighth Roland Garros title, looked ill at ease against fellow left-hander Klizan before securing a 4-6 6-3 6-3 6-3 on a cool, blustery day in Paris.The 26-year-old had not struck a ball in anger since struggling past Germany's Daniel Brands on Monday and seemed rusty as he initially allowed the powerful Klizan to dictate the baseline exchanges .
1	 The new movie  Gravity  is the closest most of us will ever come to going into space, and that may be for the best.Watching Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as marooned astronauts, spinning out of control, bouncing off each other like yo-yos, is enough to make you forget your idyllic dreams of zero gravity. As Ms. Bullock tumbles and scrambles across arrays of solar panels and other spacecraft appendages, grabbing frantically at anything lest she float off to infinity — in 3D, no less — you feel every bounce.
2	 The 2012-13 season of New York City Ballet that ended at the David H. Koch Theater was a milestone in several ways. At age, Peter Martins, the ballet master in chief, has weathered 30 years at its helm. He may well end up lasting longer than the 35 years enjoyed by the company's founding ballet master, George Balanchine. In the past year Mr. Martins has also presented three world premieres by a new choreographer, Justin Peck.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the nation's spy agencies assess the fallout from disclosures about their surveillance programs, some government analysts and senior officials have made a startling finding: the impact of a leaked terrorist plot by Al Qaeda in August has caused more immediate damage to American counterterrorism efforts than the thousands of classified documents disclosed by Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor .
2	 For Hee Seo, becoming a soloist was a high point of her career. She reached that position in 2010 at American Ballet Theater, and the transition was as natural as breathing. When I became a soloist, I wanted to be a soloist,  Ms. Seo, born in Seoul, South Korea, said in delicately accented English at the company's Broadway studios.  Maybe I wasn't perfect. I definitely wasn't perfect. But I was on the right path, and I still had room to learn and progress.
0	  BUFFALO, N.Y. — Marcus Foligno, Matt Moulson and Matt Ellis scored in the third period to lift the Buffalo Sabres to a 4-2 win over the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday night .It was Buffalo's first regulation win since Nov. 15 against Toronto, when interim head coach Ted Nolan took over for the fired Ron Rolston.Mark Scheifele scored two goals in 36 seconds to build a 2-0 second-period lead for the Jets, who have lost four of their past five games.
3	  WASHINGTON — The trade deficit widened in April, as demand for foreign cars, cellphones and other imported goods outpaced growth in exports.The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that the trade gap rose.5 percent in April from March, to.3 billion.Exports increased.2 percent to.4 billion, the second- highest level on record. Companies sold more telecommunications equipment, industrial machinery and airplane parts, while vehicles made in the United States and auto parts also rose to a high of.8 billion.But imports grew an even faster.4 percent, to.7 billion. Sales of foreign cars increased to.5 billion.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — It's a road trip that could test the best of marriages : Mars.A tycoon announced plans Wednesday to send a middle-aged couple on a privately built spaceship to slingshot around the red planet and come back home, hopefully with their bodies and marriage in one piece after 501 days of no-escape togetherness in a cramped capsule half the size of an RV.Under the audacious but bare-bones plan, the spacecraft would blast off less than five years from now and pass within 100 miles of the Martian surface.
4	 One lingering mystery in the investigation of the Boston Marathon bombings is whether the dead suspect, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, played a role in the unsolved murders of three men, one of them his best friend, in a Boston suburb in.That question deepened early Wednesday when a man in Orlando, Fla., who was being interviewed by at least one F.B.I. agent and other investigators, implicated himself and Mr. Tsarnaev in those murders, and then was fatally shot after he apparently tried to assault the agent, two senior law enforcement officials said.
2	 You can't help thinking that this is how Ramona Quimby would have turned out when she was all grown up. If Ramona drank lemonade through a straw,  Beverly Cleary wrote in  Beezus and Ramona,  her beloved children's book,  she blew into the straw as hard as she could to see what would happen.
4	  WASHINGTON — A power struggle over the post office is growing, with the Senate considering a move to block a plan to end Saturday deliveries, even as the agency presses ahead.A provision to keep Saturday deliveries, being considered as part of a Senate budget resolution, is similar to legislation that the House passed last week, but it is unclear what Congress can do to compel the Postal Service to continue delivering mail six days a week.
0	  WIGAN, England — Just up a narrow alley from the shops in the center of town here, away from all the singing and chanting and shouting, there is a tiny square. This is where  The Face of Wigan   is, its expression unflinching and its aura unbowed .
0	 As the Knicks were fighting to avoid their longest losing streak since, fans might have been justified for keeping an eye on the action happening across the river at Barclays Center on Sunday night .No, the crosstown rival Nets were not playing. The No. 3 Kentucky Wildcats were in town, along with their coach, John Calipari, whose name continues to simmer in the discussion of potential candidates to replace Mike Woodson if the Knicks continue faltering.Calipari, 54, who coached the Nets from 1996 to ', is no stranger to the speculation about a possible return to the N.B.A.
4	  WASHINGTON — A Defense Department inquiry into potentially inappropriate e-mails between Gen. John R. Allen, the American commander in Afghanistan, and a socialite in Tampa, Fla., has cleared him of wrongdoing, senior Pentagon officials disclosed Tuesday.The Pentagon inspector general wrote to General Allen in Kabul to inform him that the investigation had found no improprieties in the e-mail communications with the socialite, Jill Kelley, officials said. General Allen maintained all along that he had done nothing wrong, and his supporters said the e-mails had neither violated security nor represented an improper relationship with Ms.
2	 The life of a dancer is sufficiently challenging, with its demands for rigorous exercise, restrictive diets and single-minded dedication, not to mention the fact that there are few television shows about the dance world.That minuscule number shrank even further with the announcement on Monday by the ABC Family network that it was canceling  Bunheads,  its comedy - drama series about aspiring young dancers and their unconventional mentor, after only one season, during which the series had developed a modest but passionate fan base .
4	  WASHINGTON — More than half a century after Rosa Parks helped kindle the civil rights movement by refusing to give up her seat on a segregated bus in Alabama, she has become the first black woman to be honored with a life-size statue in the Capitol.At a dedication ceremony on Wednesday that was attended by dozens of Mrs. Parks's relatives, President Obama and Congressional leaders paid tribute to Mrs. Parks, whose act of defiance and work in the civil rights movement helped spur desegregation across the country and the passage of the Voting Rights Act .
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — The words  spouses for life  echoed throughout City Hall on Saturday as hundreds of same-sex couples were married in stairways, rotundas and seemingly every open space in the building. Hundreds of thousands of gay men and lesbians from across the country were already en route to San Francisco for the city's annual gay pride parade this weekend when news broke on Friday afternoon that the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit had lifted the stay on same-sex marriages, allowing counties to immediately begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples .
0	 WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. — The first page of the Greenbrier Classic leaderboard is filled with golfers who'll get to do something they're unaccustomed to lately: Playing on the weekend.Matt Every shot an 8-under 62 on Friday for a one-stroke lead over five other players midway through the Greenbrier Classic .Every needed just 26 putts during his best round of the year and is at 9 under for the tournament on the Old White TPC course. He missed four putts inside 12 feet that could have made his bogey-free second round even more special.
0	 MUNICH — Ernie Els shot a 9-under, making an eagle and seven birdies, on Thursday to hold the clubhouse lead in the opening round of the BMW International Open.The South African, who won the British Open in 2002 and 2012 and the U.S. Open in 1994 and, almost had a second eagle on the last hole that would have equaled a course record.He settled for a birdie that gave him the overall lead. It doesn't really mean much until Sunday.
3	 In the weeks since the health insurance marketplaces of the Affordable Care Act went online, a well-publicized ripple of alarm and confusion has permeated the ranks of small-business owners . But less well known is the response of another contingent : newcomers to entrepreneurship who see the legislation as a solution to the often insurmountable expense of getting health insurance . Some even view the Affordable Care Act itself as a business opportunity.
3	 ZHONGSHE, China — A moribund coal mine here descends deeply, more than,800 feet underground. But the deal in which a Chinese state-owned conglomerate bought it may be even darker and more labyrinthine.The Zhongshe mine and two others, in Shanxi Province in northern China, are at the center of unusually public accusations of mismanagement and corruption afflicting one of the nation's flagship state conglomerates, China Resources. Critics say that the.6 billion purchase was vastly overpriced and illegal and that large sums may have been squandered or, as some are claiming, improperly diverted.
3	 ABERDEEN, Scotland — Chevron said on Tuesday that it had awarded contracts worth more than £550 million, or more than $844 million, on its planned Rosebank and Alder oil and gas development projects in British waters.If the company decides to proceed with the projects to produce oil and gas from the fields, it would wind up spending billions of pounds on platforms, drilling equipment and undersea systems.
2	 When I was 9 or, our family acquired a new book called  Album Cover Album,  a collection of record cover reproductions: 160 pages, with from 1 to 16 records arranged on each page. It was made by Hipgnosis, the English design firm, and Roger Dean, the illustrator of album jackets for Yes and some less savory prog- rock bands .My father worked as a graphic designer and is the kind of person who might buy a record based on its cover.
4	 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The college and high school students arranged themselves in the colonial-style chairs and on the green carpet, a portrait of the state's Old Capitol building above them, as they exchanged stories about their lives and the travails of the  black and brown youth  in Florida .One young woman whose parents were both drug addicts spoke about how she had defied the odds; she will graduate from college next year. A young man mentioned that he was one of the few in his family who had not ended up in prison.
3	  WASHINGTON — A gauge of the American economy's future health rose solidly in September, suggesting the economy was making gains before the 16-day government shutdown . The Conference Board said on Wednesday that its index of leading indicators rose.7 percent in September to a reading of.1. That comes after a similar gain in August and is the fifth increase in six months.The index is intended to signal economic conditions over the next three to six months. It is composed of 10 indicators, most of which have already been released individually.
2	 Even the most devoted ballet fans, who catch  George Balanchine's The Nutcracker  every year at the David H. Koch Theater, tend not to realize that Balanchine still makes a cameo appearance in each performance of the dance, which he created in.The moment comes in the second act, when the Spanish dancers who perform the   Hot Chocolate   divertissement emerge in rich brown ruffled dresses: The bodice of the principal dancer is adorned with a small oval cameo-style portrait of Balanchine.
0	  Luke Donald and Lee Westwood couldn't have asked for a more ideal scenario two years ago . Or so it seemed.The English pros stood No.1 and No.2 in the world golf rankings as they arrived for the 2011 British Open . On an English course named after St . George, hopes ran high that the patron saint's flag would fly over England's first major champion since Nick Faldo, in 1996 at the Masters .Neither made it to the weekend, making history as the first 1-2 duo in the rankings to miss a major cut.
2	 Although it has generated less hoopla than the Verdi and Wagner bicentennials this season, the English composer Benjamin Britten's 100th birthday is also cause for celebration in. Major events loom as Britten's actual birth date (Nov. 22) draws near. But on Tuesday, the Knights, a terrific independent orchestra, get a jump on the festivities with their second appearance in the free Naumburg Orchestral Concerts series in Central Park .
4	  Mormons hoping for change were buoyed when one of their church's top leaders gave an address last weekend offering an outstretched hand to those who struggle with doubts about the church's history and doctrines.They greeted the words of President Dieter F. Uchtdorf, second counselor in the church's top governing body, the first presidency, as a groundbreaking admission that  mistakes  by fallible church leaders in the past have sown the seeds of doubt today.But they were sobered when Mr.
0	 There was snow in Colorado, rain in Atlanta, a heat wave in July. Weather-related obstacles have seemed to trail the Mets all season.It looked like a postcard-perfect day at Citi Field on Sunday. The sky was cobalt blue and sprinkled with clouds. It was 80 degrees with a gentle breeze.And the most blinding sunshine of the season loomed directly overhead, unobstructed.All afternoon, it victimized fielders on the right side, where fly balls were continually bobbled, misread or missed entirely.
1	  LOS ANGELES — Coastal waters off California are getting more acidic. Fall-run chinook salmon populations to the Sacramento River are on the decline. Conifer forests on the lower slopes of the Sierra Nevada have moved to higher elevations over the past half century .That's just a snapshot of how climate change is affecting California's natural resources, a report released Thursday found. There's certainly reason for concern,  said Dan Cayan, a climate scientist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography who contributed to the report.
4	 A single nonprofit group with ties to Charles G. and David H. Koch provided grants of $236 million to conservative organizations before the 2012 election, according to tax returns the group is expected to file Monday, underscoring the broad reach of the political movement the two business executives and their advisers have built in recent years .Freedom Partners, as the group is now known, is playing a bigger role for the Kochs as the brothers seek a tighter rein over the advocacy groups and political organizations that their donor network finances and expand their involvement in Republican political causes.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Sinai Temple is a Conservative Jewish congregation perched on a hill in Westwood, famous for its wealth, its sizable population of Persians, many of whom fled Iran after the fall of the shah, and a well-known and outspoken rabbi who has at times pushed his congregation on ideologically adventurous paths.
0	  DENVER — Hanley Ramirez had four hits, including a solo homer in the ninth, to help the Los Angeles Dodgers hold off the Colorado Rockies 10-8 on Wednesday night in a game outfielder Yasiel Puig left early with a bruised left hip after a leaping catch at the wall. Juan Uribe, Adrian Gonzalez and Matt Kemp also homered for the Dodgers, who have won 10 of their last 11 games to climb back into the thick of the NL West race.
3	 In many stores around the country, the workers stocking the shelves and ringing up the gifts are at the very heart of this season's retail lament —many Americans are so financially strapped that projections for holiday sales have grown bleaker by the week.And more so than in years past, the focus is on retail workers as more stores open on Thanksgiving Day, requiring many more to work on the holiday. Even if they have the option of staying home, those still stuck at the bottom economic rung long after the recession's end have little choice but to take on extra shifts.
4	 NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Gunmen opened fire on people marching in a neighborhood Mother's Day parade in New Orleans on Sunday, wounding at least.The shooting — described by the F.B.I. as a flare-up of street violence — shattered the festive mood surrounding the parade, which drew hundreds of people to the Seventh Ward, not far from the French Quarter. Video taken in the aftermath showed victims lying on the ground, blood on the pavement and people comforting the wounded.At least three of the victims were seriously wounded.
3	 LONDON — Financial markets have become convinced in the past two weeks that two years of one-way policy traffic from the developed world's central banks is coming to an end.The difficulty, on the evidence of the last few days, is the mass of conflicting signals on how shaky things still are, or how much better they will get — and as a result, getting from here to actual changes in policy will probably take months.
4	  SEATTLE — A state appeals court here in Washington, in a major ruling on the   stand your ground   debate over personal safety, said Thursday that a defendant who successfully uses a self-defense claim is entitled to reimbursement for lost wages and other costs, as well as legal fees . The cost of a criminal defense often starts at arrest,  the court wrote in its decision, affirming a lower court's award of nearly,000, including,000 in lost wages, to Tommy J. Villanueva.Mr.
2	  Scandal,  now in its second season, has been a success for ABC . Last week the show had.52 million viewers aged 18 to 49 and.4 million total viewers . Among the group aged 18 to 34 it typically ranks first in its 10 p.m. Thursday time slot. A political thriller set in Washington,  Scandal  has attracted some inside-the-beltway fans like the political strategists Donna Brazile and Roland S. Martin, who have both tweeted about the show.The show's other sweet spot — one that network executives seem less eager to discuss — is its success among African-American audiences.
2	 The fifth annual BAMcinemaFest, Brooklyn's celebration of independent cinema, kicks off Wednesday, offering its customary eclectic assortment of documentaries and narrative features. The festival, running until June, continues to showcase Brooklyn talent, this year including the filmmakers Shaka King ( Newlyweeds; Eliza Hittman ( It Felt Like Love; and Zach Clark ( White Reindeer.The festival opens with David Lowery's  Ain't Them Bodies Saints,  a lyrical Sundance hit about an escaped convict (Casey Affleck) trying to get back to his wife (Rooney Mara) and daughter. Mr. Lowery displayed his exquisite visual sense in his 2009 feature   St .
2	 The machine is coming back to the Metropolitan Opera, which plans to mount a revival of Robert Lepage's high-tech, polarizing and glitch-prone  Ring  cycle in the 2018-19 season to showcase its next Brünnhilde: the soprano Christine Goerke. She was offered the role after her breakout success last week in Strauss's fairy tale opera  Die Frau Ohne Schatten. Peter Gelb, the Met's general manager, said he decided to cast Ms.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Even with automatic spending cuts looming, the outlook for the economy brightened a bit on Tuesday after reports showed that Americans were more confident and were buying more new homes. Home prices are also rising steadily, and banks are lending more. Such improvements suggest that the economy is resilient enough to withstand about $85 billion in government cuts that are expected to take effect on Friday. The stars are lining up for stronger private sector growth this year,  said Craig Alexander, chief economist at TD Bank .
3	  DETROIT — The electric carmaker Tesla Motors reported a narrower net loss for the second quarter late Wednesday, but it surprised Wall Street with an unexpected operating profit .The company, based in Palo Alto, Calif., reported that it lost.5 million, or 26 cents a share, in the April-June period . That compares with a loss of.6 million, or $1 a share, a year earlier.Excluding one-time items and lease accounting, Tesla Motors said it had a profit of 20 cents a share .
2	 Before it was announced who would play the muscly, green-eyed, trident-wielding Finnick Odair in   The Hunger Games : Catching Fire,  the second installment of the film adaptation of Suzanne Collins's post-apocalyptic trilogy, fans made it clear that picking the right actor was serious business . ( One Does Not Joke About Finnick's Casting  was the title of one of many obsessed Tumblr pages.) Sam Claflin, 27, won the part, which still seems to be sinking in for this classically trained British actor.
4	  WASHINGTON — In dueling weekly addresses, the White House and Republicans drew lines in the sand for their next fiscal showdown, which could be as soon as next month, when a Congressional fight is expected on raising the nation's borrowing limit . Democrats have warned Republican leaders not to use the debt authorization for political leverage. In his weekly address, President Obama again said he would not trade spending cuts for an increase in the debt limit .
2	 Over the past decade's boom in nonfiction film, documentaries of all shapes, sizes and niche interests have found their way into theaters. But getting there is still half the battle. Documentarians face often paltry budgets and ample competition for attention in an increasingly fractured marketplace .But once the documentary is complete (and sometimes even when it's not, festivals can provide the initial momentum that can mean a fighting chance. The calendar is peppered with thriving nonfiction festivals with different approaches.
3	 Despite two serious safety failures and new questions about the reliability of its lithium-ion batteries, Boeing 's chief executive said Wednesday that he saw no reason to retreat from using the new but volatile technology on its 787 jets.The executive, W. James McNerney Jr., acknowledged that some airlines had needed to replace the new batteries at a   slightly higher   rate than Boeing had expected. But he also said that the replacements were related to maintenance issues rather than safety concerns .Mr. McNerney made the comments in a conference call to discuss the company's financial performance.
2	 To Americans, Guy Pearce is a movie star, known for playing a crusading cop in  L.A. Confidential,  an obsessive amnesiac in  Memento  and a villain in   Iron Man .  At home in Australia, he's also that guy who used to be on television — a regular in popular soap operas in the 1980s and '90s and a star of the frontier story   Snowy River: The McGregor Saga  (in which his cast mates included Josh Lucas, Hugh Jackman, Wendy Hughes and Olivia Newton-John.Last year, in a big event in Australia, Mr.
4	 About a dozen members of Congress gathered in a Midtown Manhattan hotel ballroom on Monday, an intentional remove from the marbled corridors of the United States Capitol, to chew over some uncomfortable questions: Why are we so ineffective? Why can't we manage to be the least bit civil to one another? And why does America hate us? Did you hear about the poll ?  asked Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania .   Congress is now rated slightly above or below cockroaches and colonoscopies.  (Actually, it was below.)This being a fairly self-aware group, there were plenty of explanations.
3	 BERLIN — Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, made a sharp and unusually personal attack on Thursday on the co-chairman of Deutsche Bank, Jürgen Fitschen.His remarks came after Mr. Fitschen took issue with the minister over the culpability of the banks accused of collusion in fixing benchmark interest rates . On Wednesday, several banks incurred big fines for rate-rigging from the European Union's competition regulators .The dispute indicated how difficult it could be to impose further regulation on banks in Europe — or even only in Germany, Europe's largest economy .After the European Union fined the banks a collective.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The most parroted word lately among Nets players and coaches has been  process.  It is a euphemism, really, that connotes the distinct growing pains the team is going through at the moment, trying to array its vast talent into winning combinations.The pains, to be clear, were expected. Stockpiling All-Stars at great speed is a thrilling exercise. But difficulty can arise once unfamiliar players are tossed on the court and asked to win. Coexistence is always the early challenge. The Nets are feeling that now.
2	 The rapper who calls himself 100s has a genuinely beautiful mane of hair not seen since the days of Suga Free, and that's not an accident: 100s is part of the proud California pimp-rap legacy, and aesthetics matter. On his self-released debut album from last year,   Ice Cold Perm,  he raps with a smooth sneer over gooey tracks that recall the West Coast of the early-mid 1990s, a sound that's been undervalued historically.
3	 Shiller on Latest Housing Report: Robert Shiller of the S.&P./ Case -Shiller Index provides his insight on the state of the housing recovery in a CNBC interview.The housing market, one of the main drivers of the economic recovery, continues to gain strength despite the drag of rising mortgage rates and other economic headwinds, but some analysts are worried that it may slow in the months ahead .For now, though, builders are building, sellers are selling and mortgage lenders are less nervous about extending credit to buyers .
1	 Studying Birds, With a Drone's Help: Drone technology, developed for warfare, is now being used to study the natural world . In Colorado, sandhill cranes are counted with a small drone called the Raven.Monte Vista National Wildlife Refuge, Colo. — An electric whir filled the air of this high desert valley as Jeff Sloan, a cartographer for the United States Geological Survey, hurled a small remote-controlled airplane into the sky. The plane, a four-and-a-half-pound AeroVironment Raven, dipped; then its plastic propeller whined and pulled it into the sky.
2	 FARMINGTON HILLS, Mich. — For more than 20 years, the rap duo Insane Clown Posse has courted controversy by rhyming about depravity, brutality and insanity. Now it causes trouble by making fun of Miley Cyrus .A few days ago, Insane Clown Posse, a pioneering act in a rap genre called horrorcore, was approached by Fuse, the music-oriented cable channel, to record its commentary for a roundup of supposedly shocking music videos .
4	  SAN DIEGO — Opening a satellite city office in a far-flung neighborhood is not unusual in sprawling cities like this one. But one thing sets apart Mayor Bob Filner's newest outpost: it is in another country.When he opened San Diego's Tijuana office this year, Mr. Filner spoke in grand terms about the future of cross-border relations.  Dos ciudades, pero una region — we are two cities, but one region,  he said, using the phrase popular among those who want more collaboration in the area.
3	  HONG KONG — Alibaba, the Chinese Internet company whose potential initial public offering is one of the most fervently awaited in the world, has fired back at Hong Kong's exchange, saying its stance on Alibaba's unusual management structure puts the exchange at risk of being overtaken by the rest of the world.This week, Alibaba abandoned plans to list in Hong Kong after the exchange declined to change rules that discourage companies from organizing in a way that favors dual-class shareholding over individual shareholdings or gives one shareholder a disproportionate say over how a company is run.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — A survey of United States service companies showed that the industry expanded at a slower pace in April than in March, as companies reported less business activity and could not raise their prices.The Institute for Supply Management said on Friday that its index of nonmanufacturing activity fell to.1 in April from.4 in March. Any reading above 50 indicates expansion. The report measures growth in industries that cover 90 percent of the work force, including retail, construction, health care and financial services .
2	 BOISE, Idaho — The pounding on his cargo-van doors started as soon as Jalan Crossland 's head hit the pillow. After a thousand miles of rough road and his fifth straight night onstage, the bone-tired banjo man had kicked off his boots and collapsed on the mattress in his old Dodge 3500 outside Pengilly's, the saloon here where he and his fellow musicians had jammed well into the early morning .
3	 FRANKFURT — The long-suffering euro zone may be slowly emerging from recession, as manufacturers in Germany and France begin to ramp up production to meet stronger demand, according to a closely watched report published on Wednesday.The survey of purchasing managers by Markit, a data provider, suggested that Europe might be near the end of a prolonged slump that has pushed unemployment to record highs . But the recovery is likely to be slow and fragile, economists warned, and recession could persist in some southern countries .Evidence also appeared Wednesday that a credit squeeze in the euro zone was easing.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats plan to force a vote this week to fill a vacancy on the court widely considered the country's second highest, threatening to reopen the bitter fight over limiting the filibuster if Republicans follow through on their pledge to block the nomination.Unless one party backs down, the battle could escalate into a reprise of the partisan strife that paralyzed the Senate for several weeks over the summer.
4	 When the moderator read a question from Tabbie Major, age, about which books Justice Sotomayor loved as a child, she found the girl, locked her in an embrace, held on while reminiscing about Nancy Drew mysteries and then called out for a photographer to capture the moment. No need: a good portion of the crowd was already snapping pictures.Welcome to another night in the life of Sonia Sotomayor, Supreme Court justice, current queen of the best-seller list and suddenly the nation's most high-profile Hispanic figure.
0	  JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Inside EverBank Field, during the second half of the Jacksonville Jaguars ' lopsided loss to the Kansas City Chiefs last Sunday, Carlos Boria finally found a reason to cheer. Yeah, baby,  he screamed as tight end Jimmy Graham scored a touchdown. But Graham is not a member of the Jaguars . He was playing for the Saints, about 500 miles away, at the Superdome in New Orleans.
3	  BEIJING — A businesswoman in southern China has been sentenced to death on charges of defrauding investors as the government tightens controls on informal financing that is widely used by entrepreneurs .The woman, Lin Haiyan, was convicted of  illegal fundraising  for collecting 640 million renminbi, or $100 million, from investors by promising high returns and low risk, according to a statement by the Intermediate People's Court of Wenzhou. It said that the plan had collapsed in October 2011 and that 428 million renminbi could not be recovered.
0	 TAMPA, Fla. — Inside the Yankees ' clubhouse Tuesday afternoon, parallel universes swirled about each other. While the injured stars that have helped the Yankees make the playoffs the last three years tended to their wounds, the new veterans who were brought in at the last moment to replace them embraced each other.There was Derek Jeter heading to the trainer's room to get treatment for his injured ankle, and Curtis Granderson flashing a splint on his broken right arm.
3	  WASHINGTON — A jump in demand for commercial airplanes bolstered orders for long-lasting American factory goods last month. But orders for most other goods fell as businesses cut spending, a possible sign of concern about the partial government shutdown that began Oct. 1.The Commerce Department said on Friday that orders for durable goods rose.7 percent in September, above the.2 percent gain in August. But a.5 percent jump in aircraft orders accounted for nearly all the gain. Durable goods are meant to last at least three years.Orders for core capital goods, which include industrial machinery and electrical equipment, fell.1 percent. The.
3	  WASHINGTON — Companies placed slightly more orders in August for long-lasting manufactured goods, stepping up demand for cars, trucks and machinery . Even with the gain, business spending on factory goods may not be strong enough to accelerate economic growth in the July-to-September quarter.A separate report on Wednesday showed that Americans increased purchases of new homes in August after cutting back in July, suggesting that higher mortgage rates are not yet slowing the housing recovery . The Commerce Department reported that orders for durable goods, items expected to last at least three years, edged up.1 percent in August.
4	 RALEIGH, N.C. — In a move some are calling a modern-day scarlet letter and others say is the best way to manage changing federal immigration policy, North Carolina this month will begin giving some young immigrants driver's licenses marked with a bold pink stripe and the words  no lawful status  printed in red.The licenses were developed as a way for the state to cope with a quirk in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which the Obama administration began last year to deal with the as many as.
3	  TOULOUSE, France — The A350 XWB, the first all-new commercial jet from Airbus in more than six years, took wing into partly cloudy skies here on Friday.There was a lot more riding on it than the multinational crew of two test pilots and four engineers.The new aircraft carries the burden of dispelling Airbus's reputation for cross-cultural and industrial dysfunction, which caused costly delays in the introduction of the company's previous plane, the A380 superjumbo.
4	  ST . LOUIS — The unmistakable pop of a gunshot ricocheted through the park in the humid air, and Montez Wayne could only hope that the bullet did not have his name on it. He sprang from his seat beneath a sprawling bald cypress, ready to make his move.He had seen it play out too many times before: the blast of gunfire, the blood, the body. In Mr. Wayne's neighborhood and others on the North Side of St . Louis, drugs, poverty and struggle go hand in hand with gun violence . He barely knows his father.
1	 Astronauts aboard the International Space Station will venture outside on three spacewalks to replace a malfunctioning pump that has shut down part of the station's cooling system, NASA announced on Tuesday.The space agency also postponed until January the launching of a cargo supply ship, which had been scheduled to lift off on Thursday.The first spacewalk is on Saturday, with the second on Monday and the third next Wednesday.Two loops of circulating ammonia cool equipment on the station. The problem started last Wednesday with a malfunction of a valve inside the pump, which is on one of the station's exterior trusses.
3	 MADRID — Confident that Spain is emerging from a prolonged recession, the government on Friday presented a budget for 2014 that was largely free of the unpopular austerity measures of recent years.The budget is based on a forecast that the Spanish economy will grow .7 percent next year, up from the government's previous forecast of.5 percent. Gross domestic product is expected to contract.3 percent this year.
4	  NORTH ATTLEBOROUGH, Mass. — State and local police officers spent hours at the home of New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez on Tuesday night as other officers searched an industrial park about a mile away where a body was discovered Monday.The police at the scene and prosecutors declined to comment .No cause of death had been released for the body, which was found about:30 p.m. Monday.Hernandez is represented by the Athletes First agency, which said it had no comment  on the Aaron Hernandez situation. The Patriots drafted Hernandez out of Florida in.
0	  OAKLAND, Calif. — The coaches can downplay a rivalry all they want.The signs of dislike and fiery competition are right there on the court, with the players involved.An all- California Christmas nightcap got heated in a hurry. Flailing arms, swinging elbows, even tussling that spilled into the postgame exit with Stephen Jackson mouthing off in the middle of it all.
3	 Fewer Choices in the Air: The merger between American Airlines and US Airways comes after airlines have struggled for decades, cutting costs and slimming down service to turn around a trend of diminishing profits .This week, the government announced that it was dropping its lawsuit to block the merger of American Airlines and US Airways after the parties reached a settlement . The new American will be the world's largest airline and one of just three remaining legacy carriers in the United States, along with Delta Air Lines and United Airlines .
3	 FRANKFURT — Members of Chancellor Angela Merkel's government struggled Wednesday to prevent Greece and its problems from disrupting an otherwise comfortably dull German election campaign, after comments by the finance minister raised fears that voters might be asked to help pay for another round of aid. There's nothing new,  Steffen Seibert, Ms. Merkel's spokesman, said a day after Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, created a political firestorm by suggesting that a third aid package for Greece was inevitable.
3	 Buildings for Billionaires: A new crop of ultra-luxurious New York high rises are vying to be the next hot  it  building and are attracting billionaires from nearby as well as abroad.Walking slowly to the windows facing the meadow of green that is Central Park, Gary Barnett slips into salesman mode as he spreads his arms wide, embracing the sweeping bird's-eye view he has from the 87th floor of his shimmering skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan .Noting a visitor's gasp at the stunning vista, he smiles.  That's what we want. We want the 'Oh, wow,'   he says.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — Rachel Jeantel, the young woman who spoke to Trayvon Martin moments before his death, came under bruising cross-examination again on Thursday as defense lawyers raised questions about the accuracy of her story and the setting in which she was first interviewed by the chief prosecutor in the case .In her second day on the witness stand, Ms. Jeantel told jurors that the first time she was interviewed under oath by law enforcement authorities was in the presence of a teary-eyed Sybrina Fulton, Mr. Martin's mother, on April, 2012. The interview took place in Ms.
3	  BEIJING — Foreign direct investment in China in June jumped.12 percent from the same period a year earlier, the Commerce Ministry said Wednesday, the quickest gain since March. China drew.4 billion in foreign direct investment in June, the ministry said, while in the first half, that investment totaled $62 billion, up.9 percent from the same period of. Foreign direct investment, or F.D.I.
0	  DENVER — Ryan Zimmerman homered, doubled and drove in three runs, Ian Desmond got four hits and the Washington Nationals beat the depleted Colorado Rockies 5-4 on Thursday.The Rockies lost four players and a coach, as well as the rubber match of the three-game series .Outfielders Carlos Gonzalez and Dexter Fowler were injured early and shortstop Troy Tulowitzki left for an undisclosed reason in the eighth. Reliever Wilton Lopez and pitching coach Jim Wright were ejected in the seventh.Craig Stammen (4-2) threw two scoreless innings .
3	  THE United States' industrial economy has finally returned to where it was in, something that few other major developed countries have accomplished. But car sales, a sign of consumer economic health and confidence, remain well below the level of six years ago across the spectrum of countries . In Europe, car sales fell last year to the lowest level since .The Federal Reserve Board reported this week that its industrial production index climbed.2 percent in. That represents a slowing of the growth rate from 2010 and, but still left the index slightly above the 2006 average.
1	 Scientists have found the oldest DNA evidence yet of humans' biological history. But instead of neatly clarifying human evolution, the finding is adding new mysteries.In a paper in the journal Nature, scientists reported Wednesday that they had retrieved ancient human DNA from a fossil dating back about,000 years, shattering the previous record of,000 years.The fossil, a thigh bone found in Spain, had previously seemed to many experts to belong to a forerunner of Neanderthals. But its DNA tells a very different story. It most closely resembles DNA from an enigmatic lineage of humans known as Denisovans.
2	 Embracing a landscape where cross-genre collaboration is the rule, the contemporary chamber music series Ear Heart Music continues its season at Roulette on Monday with the Brooklyn dance company Skybetter & Associates, joined by the new Ear Heart Music Ensemble in works set to music by Johann Johannsson, Henryk Gorecki and David Lang. (8 p.m., 509 Atlantic Avenue, near Third Avenue, Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, roulette.org, 917-267-0363.)Mr. Lang, who holds this season's Debs Composer's Chair at Carnegie Hall, begins his residency with two concerts at Zankel Hall.
4	  OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — A judge ruled on Monday that a man accused of killing seven people at a small Christian college in Oakland is not mentally fit for trial. Judge Carrie Panetta of Alameda County Superior Court temporarily suspended the case against One L. Goh after two psychiatric evaluations concluded that he had paranoid schizophrenia.David Klaus, an Alameda County assistant public defender, said after Monday's hearing that Mr. Goh's condition causes him to have hallucinations and delusions and to distrust people, including those trying to help him. Mr. Goh's lawyers have trouble talking to him, Mr. Klaus said.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Democrats in the California Legislature passed a sweeping package of gun control bills after a string of mass shootings across the country, cracking down on assault rifles, high-capacity magazines and lead ammunition. But on Friday, Gov . Jerry Brown, also a Democrat, vetoed several key pieces, including a ban on semiautomatic weapons that many had considered the toughest restriction on gun ownership in the country.The bill, by Darrell Steinberg, the State Senate president pro tem, would have banned semiautomatic rifles with detachable magazines. Mr.
4	 Mr. Flemmi, known as the Rifleman and serving life in prison for murder, was the prosecution's star witness, recounting how Mr. Bulger, his former friend and partner in crime, had committed at least half a dozen murders himself. But during a brutal cross-examination on Tuesday, Mr. Bulger's defense lawyer turned the tables and put the spotlight on Mr. Flemmi, seeking to strip him of any value he may have had as a witness.He tripped up Mr. Flemmi on various details of their murderous ventures . The witness became confused about whether Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Just over,000 people picked health plans in the first month of open enrollment through the state and federal insurance marketplaces established by the Affordable Care Act, President Obama's health secretary said Wednesday, a fraction of the administration's initial estimate for enrollment during that period.Only about a fourth of the new enrollees,794 — signed up through HealthCare. gov, the problem-plagued federal exchange, according to figures released by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services . A much larger number, 76,319, signed up through the 14 state-run marketplaces .
0	 NEW YORK — Andy Murray was not happy about having to wait until Wednesday night to open defence of his U.S. Open title but the Briton was quite pleased with the result after delivering a masterly thrashing of Michael Llodra. Wimbledon champion Murray, whose starting time was further delayed after four hours of rain delays had stalled proceedings at Flushing Meadows, raced through an entertaining, 98-minute drubbing of the 49th-ranked Frenchman on centre court . The rallies were quick, sharp. Wasn't much time between points.
4	  BOSTON — For Kathleen Sebelius, the Obama administration official who has become the focus of bipartisan anger over the bungled rollout of the online health insurance exchanges, a night out in Boston appeared to be a much-needed respite from scrutiny and criticism. What a great room to be in, for all kinds of reasons,  Ms. Sebelius, the secretary of health and human services, told an audience of about 400 people on Wednesday at the Kennedy Forum on Community Mental Health . I can tell you it's good for my mental health,  she said, as the crowd laughed.Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr ., a lightning rod of Republican attacks during President Obama's first term, is now contending with a new round of criticism over the Justice Department's campaign against leaks to the news media .This time it is the news media and even some Democrats who are upset with Mr. Holder, who in recent days has taken steps seemingly aimed at assuaging them.
2	 Is being an artist a gift or a curse? That question is at the heart of  A Dancer's Dream,  a sinister and whimsical reimagining of two Stravinsky works,  The Fairy's Kiss  and  Petrushka,  in which a young woman is blessed (or is it burdened?) by the realization that she is a ballerina.Sara Mearns, the New York City Ballet principal who stars in the production, can relate.
2	 It was supposed to be a summer fling. In 1989 Lincoln Center celebrated its 30th birthday by staging a big-band dance party on the plaza for 20 nights. (There wasn't enough money for 30 nights.)But New Yorkers fell in love with the music, the dancing, the outdoor vibe. The relationship endured, and Midsummer Night Swing, now in Damrosch Park, is celebrating its 25th anniversary.For three weeks there's at least one band per night for dancing alfresco — swing, salsa, tango and the less well-known styles, like soca.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama said on Tuesday that he would recommit himself to closing the Guantánamo Bay prison, a goal that he all but abandoned in the face of Congressional opposition in his first term and that faces steep challenges now. It's not sustainable,  Mr. Obama said at a White House news conference .  The notion that we're going to keep 100 individuals in no man's land in perpetuity,  he added, makes no sense .
1	  WASHINGTON — The oppressively hot weather in the Northeast has surprised meteorologists: It's moving backward across America, something that rarely happens.Normally U.S. weather systems move west to east. The western Atlantic high pressure system behind the hot dry weather started moving east to west last week and by Tuesday was centered over lower Michigan, said Jon Gottschalck, the operations chief at the National Weather Service's prediction branch. It's definitely unusual and going the wrong way,  Gottschalck said Thursday.  This is pretty rare.
3	  Marriott International is using the release of the new film,  about Jackie Robinson breaking Major League Baseball's color line, to promote its loyalty program to African-Americans .The campaign — which involves a Facebook contest, special screenings of the film and promotion of  42  on hotel room TVs, among other initiatives — is the first time Marriott International has done niche marketing for the loyalty program, called Marriott Rewards.
0	  BARCELONA, Spain — Lionel Messi and his father Jorge have been summoned by a Spanish court for questioning as part of an investigation into tax fraud allegations.A court in Gava near Barcelona accepted a state prosecutor's complaint alleging that Messi and his father defrauded the Spanish tax office of.3 million .Messi and his father have been called to appear on Sept. 17. That will form part of an investigation to determine whether to officially charge them with tax evasion .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that logging companies and forestry officials in Oregon were not required to obtain permits from the Environmental Protection Agency for storm -water runoff from logging roads.The decision was a blow to conservationists who had used the permit process to block the silty runoff from logging, which they said choked forest streams. The ruling also suggested that at least some members of the court may be open to a fundamental re-examination of how federal courts approach determinations by administrative agencies. Justice Anthony M .
0	 EAST HARTFORD, Conn. — The United States national team faced its most challenging opponent so far in the Concacaf Gold Cup on Tuesday — Costa Rica — and walked away with three points after more late-game excellence from Landon Donovan .While still only the in group stages of the regional championship tournament, the game had a feel of importance as the United States and Costa Rica have been the two strongest teams in Concacaf this year, both in World Cup qualifying and at the Gold Cup .
2	 WHEN the experimental composer Fred Ho answered the door of his apartment on a quiet, leafy street in the Greenpoint section of Brooklyn recently, he seemed much as he always has: beefy and muscular, with a warm smile that, over the next hour, would return to accompany some robustly expressed views about music and politics.
3	 SINCE the job market in the United States hit bottom more than three years ago, men have benefited from the recovery far more than woman have, with middle-aged women doing particularly poorly.From December 2009 through last month, the economy added.3 million jobs, according to the Labor Department's monthly survey of households. Only 30 percent of them went to women.
2	 Though she is beloved of connoisseurs and critics, the Italian soprano Anna Caterina Antonacci remains little known among a broader New York public. It's not for lack of talent, since she is an artist of singular gifts and refined temperament. But her local performances have been limited to just two concerts: one in February, the other in April. Unconventional and intense, Ms. Antonacci has become a specialist in the intimate affair, comfortable and potent in the early-music repertory.
3	 PARIS — The chief executive of Air France-KLM, the largest foreign shareholder in Alitalia, said on Wednesday that he had not ruled out the possibility of participating in a fresh bailout of the struggling Italian flagship carrier as it scrambles to produce a plan to shore up its dwindling cash reserves .But given the weak financial position of the French-Dutch group, which owns 25 percent of Alitalia, any assistance would be subject to strict conditions, he said. We have to be extremely vigilant,  the executive, Alexandre de Juniac, told the French business daily Les Echos in an interview.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Bronson Arroyo pitched five-hit ball over 7 2-3 innings, Joey Votto was 4 for 4 with a homer, and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10-0 Saturday.Arroyo (4-4) struck out six and allowed one runner to reach third in winning his third straight start against Philadelphia . He was 1-7 in his first 10 games against the Phillies, but has figured them out over the last two seasons.Votto had a two-run shot and walked twice to reach safely six times. Ryan Hanigan hit a three-run homer .
0	 PARIS — Frenchman Nicolas Mahut has been given a wild card for this month's Wimbledon, still reaping the fruits of his record 11-hour-five-minute match against American John Isner in. Very grateful to receive the wildcard @ Wimbledon,  Mahut wrote on Twitter on Wednesday.  A big thank you to the ( All England) Club ! Always feel special to play in such a prestigious place! Mahut, who will long be remembered for the first-round tussle he lost 70-68 in the fifth set, is ranked 224th and could not have entered the main draw without a wild card .
3	 SÃO PAULO, Brazil — In a disappointment for Boeing, Brazilian defense officials said on Wednesday that they had picked the aircraft maker Saab for a.5 billion contract to build 36 fighter jets over the next 10 years.The Brazilian defense minister, Celso Amorim, told reporters at a news conference in Brasilia that Saab was selected over Boeing because it had agreed to share more technology with contractors and because many parts for the new jet, the Gripen NG, would be made in Brazil.
2	 In opera productions, the overall staging and individual performances tend to settle in and develop during the course of a run. This is something my colleague Zachary Woolfe explained in an exhaustive project in The New York Times that involved attending all nine performances of the Metropolitan Opera's revival of Bellini's  Norma  this fall.The most dramatic changes, of course, happen when a new singer takes over a major role, which alters everything. Two current productions at the Met, Verdi's  Rigoletto  and Tchaikovsky's  Eugene Onegin,  showed just how significant cast changes can be.
3	  DETROIT — Sales of new cars and trucks cooled considerably in September, as fewer selling days during the month and generally weaker demand led to a.2 percent decrease from a year ago.The drop, which was larger than expected, was the first time since June 2011 that automakers failed to generate year-over-year increases in sales in the United States market, which has been recovering steadily since the recession .Executives and analysts stopped short of predicting a slowdown in the overall comeback of the industry.
4	 ALLEN, Tex. — In the early morning darkness of Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, at approximately:30 hours, Tim Cheek, a 20-year-old Marine assigned to body bearer duty, was one of eight enlisted men to carry President John F . Kennedy's coffin, first into the East Room of the White House, and then back out the next afternoon; up the steps to the Capitol Rotunda and then down the next morning; into St . Matthew's Cathedral and, then, out to the horse-drawn caisson waiting in the street.And finally, across the lawn at Arlington National Cemetery to the grave site.There, after the prayers, Mr.
0	  Zack Greinke allowed one run over eight sharp innings, Adrian Gonzalez ended a wild Edinson Volquez no-hit bid with a homer in the sixth and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres, 6-1, on Saturday night .In his first game in San Diego since breaking his collarbone in a brawl with Carlos Quentin, Greinke had a season-high eight strikeouts. He allowed four hits and pitched to two batters more than the minimum through seven innings in his longest outing of the season.
0	  MANCHESTER, England — Manchester United and Chelsea drew 0-0 in the Premier League on Monday as the action in the season's first big match failed to match the intrigue of the Wayne Rooney transfer saga that swirled throughout. David Moyes began his first home match in charge of the champions by naming Chelsea target Rooney in his starting line-up, giving a clear message that his club's message of 'he is not for sale' still stood after two failed bids for the striker.
3	  WASHINGTON — Wholesale businesses increased their inventories in October by the most in two years as their sales rose sharply, encouraging signs for economic growth in the final three months of.Wholesale inventories grew.4 percent in October, the Commerce Department reported Tuesday. That is nearly triple the.5 percent gain in September and the biggest monthly gain since October. Sales at the wholesale level increased 1 percent in October, the most in five months. Sales rose .8 percent in September.Rising inventories spur growth because they mean factories have produced more goods. Robust restocking drove roughly half of the.
3	 LONDON — The chief executive of the British insurer RSA Group stepped down on Friday after the company said for the second time in just over a month that it would have to significantly increase the reserves for its Irish business and for the third time in six weeks warned that its profit would be lower.RSA said it would need to strengthen the reserves for its Irish operations by an additional £130 million, or about $212 million, primarily because of increased potential for bodily injury claims by customers with automobile and liability policies.
4	  BOSTON — Rare is the witness who takes the stand and immediately tells the court that he committed eight murders for which he has never been charged.But amid the stack of murders to which this witness, John Martorano, has confessed, those eight might have gotten lost anyway.Mr. Martorano, known as The Executioner or The Enforcer, was the longtime hit man for James (Whitey) Bulger, who prosecutors say was at the center of  murder and mayhem   in the Boston underworld for almost three decades. Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Thursday reinforced the ability of corporations to write their own rules for resolving disputes with customers, finding that a group of merchants were bound by an arbitration agreement with American Express even if the terms made it prohibitively expensive to pursue some types of claims against the company . Businesses generally regard arbitration as a cheaper and more efficient way to resolve disputes. Consumer advocates say the terms of the agreements can allow companies to escape accountability.
0	  BALTIMORE — Jon Lester allowed four hits over seven innings, David Ortiz went 4 for 4 with his 20th home run and the Boston Red Sox beat the Baltimore 5-0 Sunday to earn their first series win over the Orioles in two years. Mike Napoli had two doubles and an RBI for the Red Sox, who took two of three in this duel between AL East foes . Boston had lost six straight series to Baltimore since a four-game sweep in July.All four hits against Lester (10-6) were singles.
4	  WASHINGTON — After two grueling election cycles, Guy Cecil, the brains behind the Democrats' improbable Senate showings in 2010 and, was expected to set aside his political combat boots for tasseled loafers and a sinecure somewhere in this city that pays handsomely for success.Then his old boss, Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado, reluctantly took the helm of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, looking at another brutal map for Democrats eager to stay in control of Congress's upper chamber . He had one demand : Keep Guy Cecil aboard.
0	 ARLINGTON, Texas — Leonys Martin and Elvis Andrus know how to get things going at the top of the Texas Rangers lineup.Against the Houston Astros, they weren't alone in making things happen .Martin and Andrus each scored three runs for AL West -leading Texas, including twice each in an 11-run inning that was the biggest in the majors this season, in a 16-5 victory Monday night . We went up and down the lineup,  manager Ron Washington said.  When we can do that is when we can be at our best.
0	 (Reuters) - World number one Park Inbee will face a new level of pressure at next week's U.S. Women's Open championship as she goes for her third major crown of the year, according to 10-time major winner Annika Sorenstam . Sorenstam personally experienced the intensity of such a chase when she came to the 2005 U.S. Women's Open at Cherry Hills in Denver after winning the Kraft Nabisco and LPGA Championship, just as the South Korean has done this year. I've been in her shoes,  Sorenstam said in a conference call on Thursday set up by the Golf Channel .
3	  WASHINGTON — The House on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a bill protecting technology companies and their customers from nuisance patent-infringement lawsuits by shell companies that exist merely to gather dormant patents and threaten lawsuits against suspected violators.The measure, known as the Innovation Act, would force companies that bring patent-infringement lawsuits to disclose information about who ultimately owns a patent and would benefit from a settlement or award and to specify how a patent is being violated.
2	 Fifty years ago, a small book called  Eichmann in Jerusalem : A Report on the Banality of Evil,  by a New School philosophy professor named Hannah Arendt set off a storm like few books before or since. Among Upper West Side intellectuals it sparked, as the critic Irving Howe put it,  a civil war,  siring vicious debates and souring lifelong friendships. It also sold more than,000 copies and reshaped the way people have thought about the Holocaust, genocide and the puzzle of evil ever since.
2	 The rising incidence of suicide among service members and veterans has received considerable attention. A crisis call center for veterans based in Canandaigua, N.Y., is at the forefront of trying to address the problem, and the harrowing work done by operators there is chronicled in   Crisis Hotline : Veterans Press,  a documentary on HBO at 9 p.m. on Monday, Veterans Day.One study has found that the suicides do not correlate with battlefield trauma, but the people answering the phones certainly hear their share of stories about the horrors of war.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. (AP) — Gov . Rick Perry of Texas said emphatically Saturday that the Boy Scouts of America should not soften its strict policy barring gay members, and dismissed the idea of bending the organization to the whims of   popular culture . Mr. Perry, the country's longest-serving governor, is an Eagle Scout, and in 2008 he wrote the book  On My Honor: Why the American Values of the Boy Scouts Are Worth Fighting For.
4	 The majesty of the setting high above the Hudson River in New York State — where George Washington set up his headquarters in 1779 — inspires. Compelling, too, is the character of the cadets at the U.S. Military Academy .Whether asking vigorous questions in social science class, displaying the precision of the Long Gray Line on parade, or cheering on the women's volleyball team — the chief cheerleaders at a game I attended were Gen. Ray Odierno, the U.S. Army chief of staff, and Lt. Gen. Robert L. Caslen Jr.
3	  The Federal Aviation Administration is expected on Friday to approve Boeing 's plans to fix the batteries on its new 787 Dreamliner jets, a decision that could soon allow the planes to return to service after being grounded for more than three months.People briefed on the matter said the F.A.A. administrator, Michael P. Huerta, and Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood were satisfied that Boeing's changes would virtually eliminate concerns that the lithium-ion batteries could erupt in smoke or fire.
4	 The Rev. Greggory L. Brown, a 59-year-old pastor of a small Lutheran church, committed himself to ministry and a life pursuing social justice on April, 1968 — the day the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr . was slain by an assassin's bullet.And four years ago, like so many African-Americans around the country, he saw Barack Obama's rise to the presidency as nothing short of a shocking validation of Dr. King's vision of a more perfect union, where the content of character trumps the color of skin.
2	 LONDON — On a recent evening in the exclusive neighborhood of Mayfair, a group of first-generation Russian Londoners gathered at the Arch Hotel to watch Fox U.K.'s documentary series,  Meet the Russians. With their Bellini cocktails and Prada bags, these viewers represent a fraction of the,000 Russians living in London whose extravagant lives have captured the attention of the British public and become fodder for this show. It completed its first season last week in Britain and will air in 14 countries around Europe and in Africa starting in January.
0	 ASHBURN, Va. — After showing that he can now do  explosive sprinting  — his dreadlocks flowing behind him as he dashed from sideline to sideline in the end zone of the Washington Redskins practice bubble — Robert Griffin III then held a news conference that referenced LeBron James, Tim Tebow and  Bridezillas. Next up for Griffin: working his rehab into his honeymoon.
2	 In the second season of HBO's  Enlightened,  Amy Jellicoe, a self-involved do-gooder played by Laura Dern, joins Twitter .  Follow me. Follow me,  Amy repeats in the languid voice-over of her internal dialogue .HBO's internal dialogue about the dark, half-hour series could be summed up similarly as:  Watch me. Watch me. In its first season,  Enlightened, created by Mike White and Ms. Dern, won some critical acclaim. Ms.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Robert Rizzo, the former city administrator of Bell, Calif., accused of looting millions from city coffers, pleaded no contest to all 69 charges against him on Thursday, prosecutors announced.The judge, Judge Kathleen Kennedy, indicated that Mr. Rizzo would be sentenced to 10 to 12 years in prison, which would be the longest sentence in a Los Angeles County public corruption case since at least, according to the district attorney's office . Although we were prepared to go to trial and felt confident we could convict Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — It turns out that the Federal Reserve is not quite ready to let go of its extra efforts to help the economy grow.All summer, Federal Reserve officials said flattering things about the economy's performance: how strong it looked, how well it was recovering, how eager they were to step back and watch it walk on its own.But, in a reversal that stunned economists and investors on Wall Street, the Fed said on Wednesday that it would postpone any retreat from its monetary stimulus campaign for at least another month and quite possibly until next year.
3	 The Coca-Cola Company began a new television ad campaign Monday aimed at getting on the healthy side of the national debate over obesity — a novel step for a company built on sugary soft drinks . We'd like people to come together on something that concerns all of us, obesity,  began the two-minute ad, which is scheduled to run during prime-time cable news shows.  The long-term health of our families and our country is at stake, and as the nation's leading beverage company, we can play an important role .
0	 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Yankees were aiming to stay close with a patchwork lineup assembled to buy them time until the likes of Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, Mark Teixeira and Curtis Granderson returned from injury.Instead, their collection of cast-offs and rookies have helped set the pace in the American League East with a 25-14 mark and with some of the celebrated veterans on the road to recovery, the Bronx Bombers may be on their way to a big season.
0	  RIO DE JANEIRO — FIFA president Sepp Blatter's chances of remaining in office after 2015 have increased dramatically after FIFA secretary-general Jerome Valcke urged him to stay in the job.Valcke was asked if he would be standing as FIFA president and after laughing off that suggestion by saying he had a World Cup to organise, he said Blatter should change his mind about stepping down.
1	 Friday in science, crocodiles on the loose, coffee fraud, a sleepy squirrel wakes up and melting glaciers. Check out these headlines from around the Web .Crocodiles on the Loose: An estimated,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in Limpopo, South Africa . Heavy flooding forced the farmers to open their gates to keep the walls from crumbling, sweeping the crocs away down the Limpopo River. Experts say it is not easy to catch a crocodile. The best method: sneak up and grab it.
3	  HONG KONG — A survey of manufacturing activity in China on Thursday provided more reassurance that the Chinese economy, buoyed by somewhat improved global trade and a string of government stimulus measures last year, has settled into a muted recovery .The reading of the purchasing managers' index, published by the British bank HSBC, rose to.9 in January from.5 in December. It was the fifth consecutive improvement in the monthly index, and took the number to its highest level in two years.
3	  WASHINGTON — Most nuclear reactors in the United States rely on a type of lithium that is produced only by China and Russia, and the supply may be drying up, according to a study to be released on Wednesday. The Government Accountability Office said the looming shortage of a material critical to the operation of 65 out of 100 American nuclear reactors  places their ability to continue to provide electricity at some risk,  a conclusion echoed by outside experts.
4	  WEST PLAINS, Mo. — At:30 on a cloudy, frigid morning late last month in this folksy Ozark town, the superintendent of an area school strolled through the glass doors of the local newspaper office to deliver a news release .Hours later, the content of that release produced a front-page headline in The West Plains Daily Quill that caught residents off guard:  At Fairview School Some Employees Now Carry Concealed Weapons .
1	 In, King Adolf Fredrik of Sweden acquired a remarkable curiosity: an elephant fetus preserved in a jar. It did not take long for a fellow Swede, the famed naturalist Carl Linnaeus, to pay an eager visit to Drottningholm Palace to examine the withered specimen.Linnaeus added a description of the fetus to his  Systema Naturae,  the classic text that is the foundation of modern taxonomy. It became a  type specimen  — a physical example on which all subsequent descriptions of the species were based.
4	 To enter the sand-colored building, most people — schoolchildren on field trips, out-of- state tourists — must wait in line to pass through a security area outfitted with metal detectors and scanners. But those with state licenses to carry concealed firearms can enter in a matter of seconds. They simply hand their permit to a state trooper, who verifies its authenticity. No metal detector needed.Just as Texas has long embraced its guns, so has the Capitol.
2	 It's a Saturday morning in autumn, and while other people are outside enjoying the last of the fall foliage or cheering on their kids' sports teams, you're sunk down on your couch, watching an Animal Planet program about sloths. Could this picture get any sadder?It could. Turns out that a substantial portion of this particular episode of the program is specifically about sloths' toilet habits.So, yes, you should feel pathetic, but, in your defense, the animals are pretty darned cute.
0	  INDIANAPOLIS — The video of Dana Altman's most embarrassing professional moment is on YouTube, shot by a hand-held camera directed at a computer screen, viewed nearly,000 times. It was 55 seconds that forever changed Altman's career.He stood in the center of Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark., wearing a dark red tie, and made an awkward, halting, clearly uncomfortable effort pumping his fists as Arkansas's athletic director, Frank Broyles, led the audience in a  Pig Sooie  chant.
3	 Like many American businesses fighting to keep their prices competitive, Vision Quest Lighting turned to China about six years ago . It now imports about a sixth of the two dozen to three dozen parts required to make its lighting fixtures from there. Recently, however, the Long Island company began to see China in a different light: as a sales target. The growing economy of the world's most populous nation made it ripe for Vision Quest's architectural lighting fixtures, many custom-made for hotel and restaurant chains like Hilton and KFC.
4	 A Clinic Braces for Change: Patients and caregivers at Family Health Centers in Louisville, Ky., wonder how the Affordable Care Act will affect them. Part I in a series about the new health care law in action. LOUISVILLE, Ky. — One morning last month, a health clinic next to a scruffy strip mall here had an unlikely visitor: a man in a suit and tie, seeking to bring a dose of M.B.A. order to the operation .
4	  WASHINGTON — A deputy attorney general told the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday that the Justice Department had begun working with Treasury officials and financial regulators to clarify how it legally deals with banks and other businesses that serve marijuana dispensaries and growers in states that have legalized the drug for medical or recreational use.The deputy attorney general, James M. Cole, said the Obama administration was dedicated to enforcing federal drug laws and was choosing the best among a number of imperfect solutions by relying on states to regulate marijuana  from seed to sale.
1	 A meticulous new analysis of Antarctic ice suggests that the sharp warming that ended the last ice age occurred in lock step with increases of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the latest of many indications that the gas is a powerful influence on the earth's climate.Previous research suggested that as the world began to emerge from the depths of the ice age about,000 years ago, warming in Antarctica preceded changes in the global carbon dioxide level by something like 800 years.
3	  HOUSTON — With all the saber-rattling surrounding Syria and the spike in oil prices over the last week, gasoline prices rose by 2 cents a gallon for a second day in a row on Friday as motorists began to fill up their tanks for the Labor Day weekend .But energy experts say that a major jump is unlikely for the.2 million Americans whom AAA expects to travel 50 miles or more on the road this weekend — up from 28 million last year — despite the summer of unrest across the Middle East and North Africa .
3	  WASHINGTON — Higher gasoline costs helped raise a measure of consumer prices in June. But the overall trend in inflation stayed tame. The Labor Department reported on Tuesday that its Consumer Price Index increased.5 percent in June from May. Two-thirds of the gain came from a.3 percent jump in gas prices, the largest since February. Consumer prices have been stable this year, giving the Federal Reserve room to continue efforts to stimulate the economy .Over all, prices rose just.8 percent in the last 12 months. And core prices rose just.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — A Virginia company makes its debut this week as a space station delivery service, and the lone American aboard the orbiting lab is counting on a fresh stash of chocolate.In an interview Monday with The Associated Press, NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg said she can't wait for this weekend's arrival of a new cargo ship named Cygnus. It will be the first shipment by Orbital Sciences Corp. to the International Space Station . You know that there's something packed away in that vehicle, something special for you...
1	 This might be a good time to take a look at the most important environmental law that nobody has ever heard of. The real estate industry fought that law bitterly in Congress, but lost, and it landed on Ronald Reagan's desk in. The president not only signed it, but did so with a rhetorical flourish, calling it a  triumph for natural resource conservation and federal fiscal responsibility.
4	  BOSTON — Stephen Flemmi, known as  the Rifleman,  estimated Friday that he knew of about 60 mob killings in South Boston back in the 1960s, '70s and '80s. In some cases, he lived up to his billing and was the gunman. In others, he was called in as the cleanup crew to dispose of the corpse.On the witness stand Friday in the trial of James (Whitey) Bulger, Mr. Flemmi, 79, recounted most of the slayings almost casually, in a flat, bare-bones style with no elaboration ( I shot him ) and no emotion.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — Drew Brees looks as if he has found his rhythm early in the preseason.Brees passed for 202 yards and a touchdown while leading five scoring drives, and the Saints survived a sloppy second half for a 28-20 preseason victory over the Oakland Raiders on Friday night .Brees' scoring strike was a 16-yarder to rookie Kenny Stills, who made the most of his second straight game playing with the first-team offense.Brees completed 78 percent of his passes (14 of, including a 56-yarder to Nick Toon, setting up Mark Ingam's 2- yard TD run .
3	 WELLINGTON — Dairy products made by the New Zealand company Fonterra that were at the center of a global contamination scare this month did not contain a bacterium that could cause botulism and posed no food safety threat, New Zealand officials said on Wednesday.The Ministry for Primary Industries said tests showed that whey protein concentrate manufactured by the world's largest dairy processor contained Clostridium sporogenes, which cannot cause botulism but which at elevated levels can be associated with food spoiling.
0	 ARDMORE, Pennsylvania — Jason Day suffered another near-miss in a major at the U.S. Open on Sunday but the Australian knows he has time on his side to win one of golf's blue riband events.The 25-year-old Queenslander has made a habit of raising his game when the spotlight is at its most intense, already recording five top-10s in just 11 major starts in what promises to be a stellar career.
2	  MANCHESTER, England — It is pitch dark as you are swallowed up in a crowd of unknowable size, voices chanting and burbling around you, bodies jostling close by. There is no way to know how big the room is, where you are going or whether you are about to collide with a wall or a human. It is Tino Sehgal's  This Variation,  and as your eyes adjust, performers become slowly visible, moving amid the crowd, dancing and singing or pausing to talk about money and jobs .
3	 SHANGHAI — Chinese authorities have barred a British finance executive at the pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline from leaving the country while they carry out an investigation into bribery and corruption at the British company, the company confirmed on Wednesday.Steve Nechelput, the company's vice president for finance in China, has not been detained or prevented from traveling or working in China, and there is no indication that he is the focus of the investigation. But a person involved in the case said he was being prevented from leaving the country and had sought the advice of British consular officials here.
2	 The furor over Russia's new law placing restrictions on the discussion of homosexuality has spread to the world of classical music, with some opera fans calling on the Metropolitan Opera to dedicate its opening-night gala performance of Tchaikovsky's  Eugene Onegin  to the support of gay people.The long-planned new production of  Eugene Onegin,  which will open the Met season on Sept. 23, is to be conducted by Valery Gergiev, the artistic director of the Mariinsky Theater in St .
4	  DENVER — Nearly six months after a mass shooting in a Colorado movie theater stirred cries for action on gun violence and mental illness, and with last month's killings at Connecticut's Sandy Hook Elementary School still fresh in people's minds, Gov . John W. Hickenlooper of Colorado called Thursday for universal background checks on all gun sales in the state . We can learn from tragedy and make changes,  Mr. Hickenlooper, a Democrat, said in his annual State of the State address at the gold-domed Capitol here.
3	 Women are not only more likely to be the primary caregivers in a family. Increasingly, they are primary breadwinners, too.Four in 10 American households with children under age 18 now include a mother who is either the sole or primary earner for her family, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census and polling data released Wednesday . This share, the highest on record, has quadrupled since.For one, it has become more acceptable and expected for married women to join the work force. It is also more common for single women to raise children on their own.
3	  HONG KONG — South and Southeast Asia are being buffeted by broad shifts in international economics, but with Japan and China to the north largely unaffected, fears of a more widespread crisis are being played down.The most affected large economies have been those of India and Indonesia, two countries where many domestic and foreign investors are now rushing for the exits, exchanging local currencies for dollars . After months of decline, both countries' currencies dropped further on Thursday, with the Indonesian rupiah and the Indian rupee falling about 2 percent before recovering some of their losses.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to decide cases concerning prayers at the start of town meetings and a patent dispute over heart monitors. It also issued an important administrative law decision that said the Federal Communications Commission was entitled to deference in determining the scope of its own jurisdiction. LEGISLATIVE PRAYER The case concerning prayers, Town of Greece v. Galloway, No. 12-696, came from Greece, N.Y., a town near Rochester. For more than a decade starting in, the Town Board began its public meetings with a prayer from a  chaplain of the month.
4	  WASHINGTON — Four days before taking the oath of office, President Obama on Wednesday staked the beginning of his second term on an uphill quest to pass the broadest gun control legislation in a generation.In the aftermath of the Connecticut school massacre, Mr. Obama vowed to rally public opinion to press a reluctant Congress to ban military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, expand background checks, and toughen gun-trafficking laws. Recognizing that the legislative fight could be long and difficult, the president also took immediate steps by issuing a series of executive actions intended to reduce gun violence .
3	 PARIS — Just a few years ago, James Hogan, the chief executive of Etihad Airways, probably would have had trouble scoring a meeting with one of his European counterparts . These days, however, it seems he's never been so popular.Like its larger Persian Gulf rivals — Emirates of Dubai and Qatar Airways — Etihad, of Abu Dhabi, once faced stiff resistance from established flag carriers .
3	  OTTAWA — Lobsters do not respect the lines on maps that define the Canada - United States border. They traverse the seabed contentedly munching on herring from New England to Newfoundland.For the lobstermen up top, the international boundary is very real and respected. But there has been more cross-border tension as both sides struggle to find ways to earn more in an era of record harvests that are lowering the prices they get.
3	  WASHINGTON — States cannot shut down nuclear plants over safety worries, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled on Wednesday, upholding a lower court's decision that allowed the Vermont Yankee plant to keep running despite a seven-year effort by the Vermont Legislature to close it. The nuclear power industry has just been delivered a tremendous victory against the attempt by any state to shut down federally regulated nuclear power plants,  said Kathleen Sullivan, a lawyer for Entergy, which owns Vermont Yankee.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee says she is planning a push to declassify hundreds of pages of a secret committee report that accuses the Central Intelligence Agency of misleading Congress and the White House about the agency's detention and interrogation program, which is now defunct.The,000- page report, which took years to complete and cost more than $40 million, is the only detailed account to date of a program that set off a national debate about torture. The report has been the subject of a fierce partisan fight and a vigorous effort by the C.I.A.
4	 STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — The rape trial that concluded here on Sunday with the conviction of two high school football stars has spurred calls in many quarters for expanding — or more aggressively enforcing — the legal obligations of those who know about a sexual assault, or who could be in a position to prevent one.Now, new charges related to the case might also make students and others with Twitter and other social media accounts think twice about the tone and substance of their online statements.
2	 Donating her file cabinet, full of old journals, letters and zines to New York University's Fales Library archive was a bittersweet move for Kathleen Hanna. A singer and founder of the riot grrrl band Bikini Kill and the feminist electro-pop act Le Tigre, Ms. Hanna had been a den mother to contemporary-girl culture for a generation, but she was still only a midcareer artist, too young to grapple with archiving her work. The donation helped legitimize the riot grrrl movement.But Ms. Hanna, 44, had more personal reasons for securing her legacy: She wasn't sure how much longer she'd be around.
1	 Over the last 15 years geneticists have identified links between the world's Jewish communities that point to a common ancestry as well as a common religion. Still, the origin of one of the most important Jewish populations, the Ashkenazim of Central and Eastern Europe, has remained a mystery.A new genetic analysis has now filled in another piece of the origins puzzle, pointing to European women as the principal female founders, and to the Jewish community of the early Roman empire as the possible source of the Ashkenazi ancestors.
3	 LONDON — As the British fashion retailer Burberry lost Angela Ahrendts, its star chief executive, to Apple on Tuesday, Christopher Bailey, the company's multitasking digitally skilled designer, stepped up to take her place.Together, Ms. Ahrendts, an American, and Mr. Bailey, an Englishman, created the dynamic that took the distinctive Burberry plaid, a 157-year-old brand once seen mainly in the lining of military -inspired trench coats, into fashion hot spots as well as onto Facebook and Twitter .Burberry was called  the world's most digitally competent luxury brand   last year by LuxuryLab, a research group affiliated with New York University.
4	  SACRAMENTO — Emboldened by a brighter fiscal horizon, Gov . Jerry Brown on Thursday recommitted himself to two ambitious projects, a high-speed rail line and a huge water tunnel system, in an optimistic State of the State speech that sought to secure California's long-term future as well as the three-term governor's legacy.Grasping at California's vision of itself as a land of opportunity and a model for the rest of the nation, Mr. Brown said the state was rebounding financially after a difficult period. In a speech citing sources as varied as the Bible, Montaigne and Yeats, Mr.
2	 Imagine trying to put a fitted sheet on a too-big mattress. You tuck in one corner only to have another come undone. Eventually, it works — all the bases have been covered — but it can be a frustrating experience.Creating a summer blockbuster can feel a lot like making that bed.Hollywood's popcorn season has long meant superheroes, destroyed cities, epic explosions and animation. Bigger! Louder! Faster! More! Especially more: From May 1 to July, studios will have released 13 movies costing $100 million and up (sometimes way up, 44 percent more than in the same period last year.
3	  HONG KONG — Trade negotiations between the European Union and China ended on Monday with mutual recriminations. China called on the European Union to refrain from imposing tariffs on solar panels, and the European trade commissioner complained that China was pressuring individual countries to prevent Europe from reaching a consensus.The European Union accuses Chinese firms of selling solar panels below cost in Europe, a practice known as dumping, and has already proposed antidumping tariffs of nearly 50 percent on Chinese solar panel shipments.
0	 (Reuters) - In-form striker Chris Wondolowski scored twice to steer the United States to a comfortable 4-1 win over Cuba on Saturday and a guaranteed place in the CONCACAF Gold Cup quarter-finals .Wondolowski continued his red-hot form for the American national team with two superbly taken goals in the second half to clinch an expected win after Cuba had grabbed a surprise lead.Jose Ciprian Alfonso had put the visitors ahead at Rio Tinto Stadium in Sandy, Utah with a 35 th minute goal against the run of play but the U.S. dominated the remainder of the match.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — Goaltender Martin Biron, normally effusive after Rangers practices, looked grim Monday sitting at his dressing room stall. Moments earlier, Coach Alain Vigneault told Biron he had been put on waivers, leaving him two choices: report to Hartford of the American Hockey League (or whichever N.H.L. team claims him) or retire. I'm going to have to take some time and think about it,  Biron said.  Talk to the family, get some advice from many different people. I'll see what comes out of it. It's not the best- case scenario, obviously. But I'm going to figure it out.
3	 NEW YORK — Wealthy Chinese are hiring U.S. women to serve as surrogates for their children, creating a small but growing business in,000  designer  American babies for China's elite.Surrogacy agencies in China and the United States are catering to wealthy Chinese who want babies outside the country's restrictive family planning policies, who are unable to conceive themselves or who are seeking U.S. citizenship for their children.The possibility of emigration is another draw — U.S. citizens may apply for green cards for their parents when they turn.
0	 Early this summer, Steven Rhodes sent tapes of himself playing football to college coaches around the country, hoping to be invited to join their practices. The tapes included footage from some games Rhodes participated in while at Air Station Miramar, the Marine Corps base in San Diego .The games included referees and players wearing numbered uniforms. Rhodes described them as fairly informal and easygoing — participants ranged in age from 18 to, schedules were relatively fluid, and practices were considered voluntary. They were just a little outlet to have fun and be able to stay in shape,  Rhodes said.
0	 Spain, Germany and Italy moved to the doorstep of qualification for the 2014 World Cup with victories on Friday, while Cristiano Ronaldo scored a second-half hat trick to keep Portugal on course for the tournament.The Netherlands' march to next summer's finals in Brazil was slowed by a surprising 2-2 tie at Estonia. Trailing by, the Dutch were rescued by an injury-time penalty kick from Robin van Persie .England climbed atop its group, passing Montenegro, with a 4-0 thrashing of Moldova at Wembley Stadium. Danny Welbeck filled the void left by Wayne Rooney's injury absence by scoring twice.
4	  MIAMI — As many states prepare to introduce a linchpin of the 2010 health care law — the insurance exchanges designed to make health care more affordable — a handful of others are taking the opposite tack: They are complicating enrollment efforts and limiting information about the new program.Chief among them is Florida, where Gov . Rick Scott and the Republican-dominated Legislature have made it more difficult for Floridians to obtain the cheapest insurance rates under the exchange and to get help from specially trained outreach counselors.
2	 After the curtain fell Saturday night on New York City Opera 's production of   Anna Nicole   at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, a few chorus members wiped their eyes as they took their bows: it would most likely be the final performance in the storied company's 70-year history.Absent the kind of deus ex machina that has saved the day in so many of the convoluted opera plots the troupe has performed over the years, City Opera will start shutting itself down next week if it fails to raise $7 million .
3	  WASHINGTON — Home prices rose in August from a year earlier at the fastest pace since February. But the price gains slowed in many cities from July, a sign that rising prices over the last year may have peaked.Other reports released on Tuesday showed that consumer confidence fell sharply this month as the federal government was partly shut down for 16 days, while retail sales dipped in September. And inflation at the wholesale level was negligible. The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index rose .8 percent over the 12 months that ended in August. That compares with.
4	 It's hard for the wolves to regulate the wolves, isn't it?This week — the last one of the 20-week legislative session —   lawmakers will consider the ethics, in campaigns and in office, of themselves and their colleagues . The legislation in question would keep the Texas Ethics Commission going, and with that as the primary subject matter, everything that might be considered by that agency — or that says  ethics  in a way the lawyers approve — could be up for consideration.Not that lawmakers want to consider it.
4	 The prison population in the United States dropped in 2012 for the third consecutive year, according to federal statistics released on Thursday, in what criminal justice experts said was the biggest decline in the nation's recent history, signaling a shift away from an almost four-decade policy of mass imprisonment.The number of inmates in state and federal prisons decreased by.7 percent, to an estimated,571,013 in 2012 from,598,783 in, according to figures released by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, an arm of the Justice Department .
0	 BALDWIN, Mich. — The search started the night of May, a Sunday, when Cullen Finnerty went missing in the woods here, amid towering white pines and shrubby scrub oak trees and owls and white-tailed deer. By Monday morning, helicopters circled overhead as cadaver dogs combed through the brush below.By that Tuesday, the search party had ballooned to include 13 officers from Lake County, 22 reserve officers, almost 100 local volunteers and so many friends and family members that the assembled lost count.
3	 PARIS — While unemployment remained at record levels in percentage terms, the actual number of jobless people in the euro zone fell slightly in July, according to data published on Friday, offering fresh evidence that Europe's struggling economy was taking tentative steps toward a recovery .The tiny improvement in employment — which came alongside declining inflation and a survey showing improved confidence among European consumers and business managers — was welcomed as additional evidence that the worst of the region's downturn was probably over.
0	 When Joan Small and Carolyn Argento met at the Lawrence Yacht and Country Club on Long Island for a round of golf on a recent Saturday morning, they shared a bad feeling. It was not about the gloomy weather forecast .The women wanted to walk the golf course, but all the club's caddies were usually snatched up by the men who tee off early on weekends. That meant Small and Argento, under club rules, would have to ride a cart or wait until 3 p.m. to walk the course carrying their own bags. Neither prospect held much appeal.
3	 Consol Energy, the largest coal producer in the eastern United States, said on Monday that it was selling five highly automated mines — about half of its production capacity — to focus instead on natural gas and on mines that produce coal for export.Domestic coal producers are facing stiff challenges. Low natural gas prices have made gas -fired electricity cheaper than electricity from coal plants, and ever-stricter air pollution regulations have led to a wave of coal plant retirements.
4	  LOS ANGELES — While its former leader, Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, gathered with cardinals in Rome to choose the new pope, the Archdiocese of Los Angeles reached a $10 million settlement with four men who say they were abused by a former priest who has been criminally convicted in a separate case .The former priest, Michael Baker, has been accused of molesting at least 23 boys over a 30-year period and was convicted of abusing two boys in. The cases that were settled Tuesday had been set for trial early next month.
3	  HOUSTON — Royal Dutch Shell 's Arctic drilling program is now officially in jeopardy and its prospects will depend on the findings of two continuing federal inquiries. One review is on the grounding of the Kulluk drill ship on New Year's Eve after it was set adrift for five days in stormy weather, and the other is on the safety management of the entire Shell program. Rival oil companies, as they form their strategic choices, are keenly watching to see how Shell's.
3	 Stephen Watts is the president of SAP Asia Pacific Japan regionQ. Do you remember the first time you became a manager?A. Well, I had red hair back then, and it's been a while since I've had red hair. I'm an engineer by profession and started in the utility industry, designing protection and control systems. I was asked at the time if I would consider moving across to IT to help out and write a specification. I went there very grudgingly, as it was the last thing on my mind for my career.
1	 Reaction wheels like the ones that NASA officials say have failed aboard the Kepler spacecraft, effectively ending its mission to detect potentially habitable planets outside the solar system, are simple devices, at least in concept. But making ones that can survive the rigors of a rocket launching and then spin for a long time to keep a spacecraft properly oriented — in Kepler's case, to keep its telescope precisely pointed at the same field of stars — is difficult.
3	 American stocks fell in a thinly traded session on Friday as investors avoided making large bets before a long weekend with the situation about Syria still uncertain.Afternoon trading was volatile, with indexes swinging between break-even levels and solid losses as Secretary of State John Kerry said in televised remarks that Syria's government used poison gas against civilians and made the case for a limited military response. People are uneasy not knowing what's going on,  said John Carey, portfolio manager at Pioneer Investment Management in Boston .
3	 LONDON — Sebastian Siemiatkowski has come a long way in almost a decade.After co-founding Klarna in, the Swedish entrepreneur has built the mobile payments company into a business worth more than $1 billion that now has operations across Europe.The European technology firm took another step forward on Wednesday after it agreed to buy its larger German rival Sofort . The deal is part of Klarna's efforts to take on the likes of PayPal, as European consumers increasingly buy products online .
4	  WASHINGTON — A Secret Service supervisor has been removed from President Obama's security detail and demoted after being accused of leaving a bullet in a woman's room at a luxury hotel near the White House this year, senior federal law enforcement officials said Wednesday.The former supervisor, Ignacio Zamora Jr., is still under investigation and has not yet been formally disciplined, the officials said.Mr. Zamora is said to have gone back to the woman's room at the hotel, the Hay-Adams, in June after having had drinks with her, the officials said. After the woman discovered that Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Problems with the federal health insurance website have prevented tens of thousands of low-income people from signing up for Medicaid even though they are eligible, federal and state officials say, undermining one of the chief goals of the 2010 health care law .The website, HealthCare. gov, is primarily seen as a place to buy private insurance with federal subsidies, but it is also a gateway to Medicaid, which generally provides more benefits at less cost to consumers .
3	 PARIS — European Aeronautic Defense & Space, the parent company of Airbus, reported on Wednesday a 19 percent increase in net profit for, propelled by sales of commercial jets and helicopters, while its military business continued to struggle as budget pressures squeezed U.S. and European defense spending .EADS, which is based in Toulouse, France, said earnings for the full year climbed to.2 billion, or.56 billion, from just over €1 billion in, on a 15 percent rise in revenue, to.5 billion. The company proposed an increase to its 2012 dividend to 60 euro cents per share from 45 cents in.
1	 Appealing for a shift in emphasis on nuclear safety, the new head of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission warned a gathering of more than,000 industry executives, experts and government regulators on Tuesday against relying too heavily on their ability to predict the future, and suggested that when it comes to commercial reactors, the industry and the government should be ready to deal with the unknown.Speaking two years after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster in Japan, Allison M.
2	 BOCHUM, Germany — The audience members had gathered in the darkness at.30 a.m. in the Cour d'Honneur of the Palais des Papes in Avignon, France. When Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker's  Cesena  began, with a screaming man running in a circle, they couldn't at first see anything. Then, as dancers and singers arrived onstage, and the unearthly sounds of the polyphonic medieval music known as ars subtilior filled the air, the sun rose, slowly revealing the performers. By the end, everyone was bathed in the morning light. It was an incredibly intense experience, sharpening the senses together,  Ms.
0	  David Wright, by his own admission, has gotten tired of seeing his  ugly mug  on the video screen at Mets games. Yet there he is, looming over center field, as a voice-over urges fans at Citi Field to punch their ballots for Wright. A huge Twitter hashtag in white chalk spells out  #VOTEMETS  behind home plate .There are advertisements on buses and billboards, each more bold and breathless than the last.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The number of Americans seeking unemployment benefits fell last week to a seasonally adjusted,000, the second-fewest in more than five years. The drop in jobless claims suggests that layoffs have declined and that job growth may pick up from last month's sluggish pace.Applications for benefits dropped,000, the Labor Department said Thursday . The four-week average declined,500 to,500. Jobless claims are a proxy for layoffs. When they decline, it signals that companies are cutting fewer jobs .Still, layoffs are only half the equation. Businesses also need to be confident enough in the economy to step up hiring .
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Tim Johnson, the South Dakota Democrat who suffered a major brain hemorrhage a month after his party retook the Senate in 2006 and recovered enough to run again two years later, announced Tuesday that he would not seek re- election in. I will be 68 years old at the end of this term and it's time for me to say goodbye,  Mr. Johnson said during a brief news conference in Vermillion, S.D. After thanking his family and staff he added:  The Bible says that there is a time for every season under heaven.
1	 NEW YORK (AP) — Talk about clearing your head: Stanford University scientists have found a way to make see-through mouse brains.You take the brain out of the mouse, soak it in chemicals for a couple of days, and voila: It becomes transparent.That's not just a parlor trick. It lets scientists see both anatomical and chemical details in their natural, three-dimensional setting. And how big a deal is that? Listen to these neuroscientists: What these guys have done is just stupendous,  said Dr. Bernardo Sabatini of Harvard Medical School .
0	 In a league where hype is the order of the day, there's never any shortage of  statement  games.And because of its spot late in the NFL calendar, Week 16 offered more than most. A baker's dozen worth of teams had the chance to have some say about their playoff positions.
2	 An address on Vanderbilt Avenue in Brooklyn. An F train that never comes. Unfinished on-spec scripts for   Saturday Night Live .  The artistically inclined friend of yours who, incongruously, is dating a man who works at Goldman Sachs . That exorbitant $3 fee at the Bank of America A.T.M. — and the long unpalatable walk to the next deli, to find a cheaper option.Such are the totems of young life in New York City, the visual and emotional shorthand that anyone who has lived and struggled here in their underfinanced 20s will immediately recognize.
0	 Early Saturday, the Dutch club AZ announced on its Web site that it had reached agreement on a transfer fee that will send Altidore to Sunderland, pending agreement on a new contract and a medical examination . The Sunderland Web site had no news of the impending transfer as of Saturday morning . The amount Sunderland is paying for Altidore was not released, though his market valuation was about $6 million .
2	 Carla Körbes was just 14 the first time she danced Terpsichore in George Balanchine's  Apollo.  The performance, at her ballet school in Porto Alegre, Brazil, changed her life. Her partner, flying in from New York City Ballet, happened to be the refined principal dancer Peter Boal. I guess the beauty of being so young is that you don't have so much knowledge about the world,  Ms. Körbes said in a phone interview from Seattle, where she is now a principal dancer with Mr. Boal's Pacific Northwest Ballet. The company appears at City Center beginning Feb. 13.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The Giants' Terrell Thomas has many thoughts swirling in his head as he attempts an against-the-odds comeback from the third tear of the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee and the second in two years. The most troubling thought is that Thomas might be nearing the premature end of a career that once held great promise at cornerback. I'm a football player right now, and that's what I'm focused on,  Thomas said Thursday.  But I've got to start thinking about that second avenue just in case it doesn't work out.
4	 The government  largely has missed out  on the information technology revolution, Mr. Zients said in a 2010 internal memo.  I.T. projects too often cost hundreds of millions of dollars more than they should, take years longer than necessary to deploy and deliver technologies that are obsolete by the time they are completed,  he wrote.These days, Mr. Zients is witnessing that ineptitude up close as the emergency fix-it man charged with righting HealthCare. gov, the bungled online marketplace for medical insurance .
3	 David Gillen: Fewer Choices in the Air: The merger between American Airlines and US Airways comes after airlines have struggled for decades, cutting costs and slimming down service to turn around a trend of diminishing profits .WHEN discussing the airline business, Michael Boyd uses the term  raw, naked economics  as if it ought to be followed by a shriek off a movie screen.But raw, naked economics will decide the corporate success of the merger between American Airlines and US Airways that the Justice Department gave the green light to last week.
0	  ST . PETERSBURG, Fla. — Luke Scott had a go-ahead RBI single in the sixth inning and a two-run homer in the fifth, leading the Tampa Bay Rays to a 4-3 victory over the Houston Astros on Saturday.Roberto Hernandez survived a shaky first inning to post the Rays' 14th straight quality start, going six innings and giving up three runs and six hits. He won for the first time in six starts since June. Hernandez (5-10) struck out six. Wil Myers had two hits and scored twice for the Rays, who have won 13 of.
0	  SAN ANTONIO — Manu Ginobili ran onto the floor as fans stood and screamed.He went to the bench, and they chanted his name.The sights and sounds of so many San Antonio spring nights were back Sunday — and the real party might be just a few days away. Ginobili broke out of a slump in a big way with 24 points and 10 assists in his first start of the season, and the Spurs beat the Miami Heat 114-104 to take a 3-2 lead in the NBA Finals .
0	 Enny Romero pitched well in his major league debut, combining with five relievers on a three-hitter, as the host Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles, 3-1, on Sunday to maintain their lead in the American League wild-card race. Tampa Bay took three out of four from Baltimore, leaving the Orioles four and a half games behind the Cleveland Indians for the second wild-card spot .Romero, promoted from Class AAA Durham earlier in the day, gave up Manny Machado's leadoff single to start the game.
0	 GLENDALE, Ariz. — The third preseason game is supposed to come closest to representing the real thing .If so, the San Diego Chargers feel a lot better than they did before, and the Arizona Cardinals have plenty of cause for concern.After two difficult outings in their first two preseason games, the Chargers put together a solid effort in all three phases in Saturday night's 24-7 victory over the Cardinals . Arizona, meanwhile, stumbled through a series of mistakes, especially in the first half, and — more significantly — experienced at least one severe injury, maybe more.
3	 A Japanese auto parts company agreed to pay a $120 million fine and plead guilty to charges that it fixed prices, becoming the latest supplier charged in the Justice Department's sweeping antitrust investigation of the auto parts business, the department said on Tuesday.Toyo Tire and Rubber Company agreed to admit to its role in two conspiracies to fix the prices of anti-vibration rubber and drive shaft components sold in the United States and elsewhere. The Justice Department said Toyo had agreed to cooperate with the investigation and that the plea agreement was subject to court approval .
3	  Wall Street is taking America's biggest pension fund to court this week, for a long-awaited battle over who takes the losses when a city goes bust — workers and retirees, municipal bondholders, or both. Stockton, Calif., declared Chapter 9 bankruptcy last year after suffering one of the country's sharpest riches-to-rags swings when the mortgage bubble burst .
3	 For the longest time in the media business, the concept of the bundle has been foundational. Ads go with editorial content in print, commercials go with programming on television and the channels you desire are paired with ones you did not in your cable package.People were free to shop for what they wanted, as long as they were willing to buy a bunch of other stuff they did not. The box score last night for your home team? It was wrapped inside a bundle of paper that included everything from foreign news to ads for lingerie.
4	  WASHINGTON — Floyd Perkins, a Michigan man serving a life sentence for murder, says he has evidence proving his innocence and should be allowed to present it long after a one-year filing deadline has passed.The Supreme Court has never resolved whether such deadlines may be waived when prisoners file federal habeas corpus challenges to state - court convictions based on evidence of innocence. Judging from the justices' questions on Monday in Mr. Perkins's case, their eventual decision is not likely to bring much additional clarity to the situation.
2	  SUN VALLEY, CALIF. — She walked back and forth across a parking lot behind a converted-warehouse soundstage here on the industrial fringes of the San Fernando Valley . Brett Butler was smoking a cigar, her hair in curlers, practicing her lines — of which there were not many — over and over again. You may not know this because you're  an idiot, she said, in character as she paced.  But women who base their self-esteem on their looks are usually pretty insecure. She only had one scene that late-December day. That's all she ever has. Ms.
2	 It's pretty easy to spot Ty Segall's influences. This singer-songwriter, raised in Laguna Beach, Calif., has Neil Young's name tattooed on his right arm and the logo from Black Sabbath's 1972 album  Vol. 4  inked on his left. His music is likewise a recognizable combination of disparate sources, displaying a remarkable ability to synthesize different elements of pre-1980s rock — heavy '60s garage-rock riffs, harmonies that evoke the Beatles or early Tyrannosaurus Rex, and a punk velocity — into fresh and catchy pop nuggets .Though only, Mr.
3	 LONDON — HSBC Group said Friday that it would appeal yet again a.46 billion judgment in a long-running securities fraud lawsuit in the United States related to a consumer -loan and credit-card business that the British bank acquired more than a decade ago .The shareholder lawsuit alleged that Household International, now known as the HSBC Finance Corporation, misled investors about its lending practices, the quality of its loans and its accounting between 1999 and.The lawsuit has wound its way through United States courts for 11 years and has been regularly noted in HSBC's corporate filings.
3	 After finding on Wednesday that the concert promoter A.E.G. Live was not liable in the death of Michael Jackson, members of the jury told reporters that despite their relatively short deliberations — about 13 hours, after a five- month trial — the job was not easy. There are really no winners in this,  the foreman, Gregg Barden, said outside California Superior Court in Los Angeles .  This was a difficult decision for us to make. In the music industry, however, and for the lucrative businesses that surround Jackson and his legacy, the case leaves a status quo largely unchanged.
3	  WASHINGTON — Many major emerging economies have weakened since the spring, the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday in the latest update to its economic forecasts, while advanced economies, including the United States and Europe, continue to trudge along with subpar growth and the euro area remains mired in recession .The fund now expects the global economy to grow about.1 percent in, the same rate as in 2012 and down from growth of.9 percent in. That is.2 percentage points lower than the Washington-based fund forecast in April.
4	 Just a few days after President Obama said that millions of consumers should be able to keep their old insurance plans for another year — even if they did not meet the requirements of his health care law — he is finding support among states that would not exactly be described as allies.Of the 13 states that have so far said they will allow consumers to renew canceled plans, all but four are led by Republican governors and have generally been opposed to the new health care law.
0	 With less than two weeks before rosters must be cut to no more than 53 players, the N.F.L. and its players union continued trading barbs Thursday about the league's drug-testing regimen and the implementation of a preliminary test for human growth hormone .This summer, players in training camp were supposed to have blood samples taken to help create a benchmark for testing them for H.G.H. The samples were to be used as part of a population study to create the standards of a test to be introduced in the future.
0	 For the second time in a week, a high-profile baseball player has been cited in documents linked to a shuttered anti-aging clinic that is under investigation for the distribution of performance-enhancing drugs . Yahoo Sports reported on Tuesday night that the name of the Milwaukee Brewers slugger Ryan Braun is on three records from the clinic, including one that appears to show Braun owed the Miami -area facility,000 to,000.
1	 Gaining a deep insight into human evolution, researchers have identified a mutation in a critical human gene as the source of several distinctive traits that make East Asians different from other races.The traits — thicker hair shafts, more sweat glands, characteristically identified teeth and smaller breasts — are the result of a gene mutation that occurred about,000 years ago, the researchers have concluded.The discovery explains a crucial juncture in the evolution of East Asians. But the method can also be applied to some 400 other sites on the human genome .
3	 ONTARIO, Calif. — Rolling into Ontario International Airport is a traveler's delight. The parking lots, across from either terminal, are mostly vacant. The spacious, tidy terminals are filled with natural light and few lines at the ticket counters. Jostling around the baggage carousel is not like trying to box out LeBron James for a rebound — there is plenty of elbow room for everyone.The greatest inconvenience awaits those who head to the taxi stand: sometimes there are no cabs. One has to be called.
0	 NEW YORK — Meet the new guy, Jason Kidd .Less than two weeks after ending his long, All-Star career, Jason Kidd acknowledged he has  a lot to learn about coaching  Thursday as he took the Brooklyn Nets job despite having no experience leading a team from the bench.Now a point guard who was all about assists in his 19 years on the court will be looking for a little help. Nervous,  the 40-year-old Kidd said when asked how he felt.  I'm a rookie .
0	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — Bases loaded with two outs. Bottom of the ninth inning in a one-run game. The greatest closer in baseball history facing one of the best hitters of his generation.An average Sunday afternoon game swiftly turned into a memorable moment, and Mariano Rivera made it even better for the Yankees when he struck out Albert Pujols to close out New York's skid-snapping win. Rivera fanned Pujols on three pitches to end the Angels' five-run rally in the ninth, and the Yankees stopped their five-game losing streak with a wild 6-5 victory over Los Angeles .
0	  BOSTON — Where the Super Bowl will celebrate a half-century of existence will be decided this week by NFL owners.They have two choices for the 50th anniversary game in: the San Francisco Bay Area and South Florida .The 49ers' new stadium is being built and is scheduled to open for the 2014 season. With the NFL showing a penchant for bringing is championship game to new venues — Dallas and Indianapolis very recently, New Jersey next February — Santa Clara would appear to have a strong chance.
3	 LONDON — On a showery afternoon last week in West London, a ripple of enthusiasm went through the trading floor of CF Partners, a privately owned financial company . The price of carbon allowances, shown in green lights on a board hanging from the ceiling, was creeping up toward three euros.That is pretty small change.90, or only about 10 percent of what the price was in.
3	 PARIS — Efforts by PSA Peugeot Citroën to overcome a painful slump suffered a setback on Tuesday when Moody's Investors Service cut its credit rating on the carmaker's finance unit to junk, a recognition that it had become largely dependent on government credit guarantees for market access .Moody's cut the standalone financial rating of the unit, Banque PSA Finance, by one notch to Ba, below investment grade, from Baa, and said the outlook was  stable. In October, the unit received a promise of €7 billion, or.
0	  MILWAUKEE — Pedro Alvarez hit two home runs, Andrew McCutchen also went deep, and Jeff Locke pitched six shutout innings to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 5-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Saturday.Neil Walker added a solo home run for the Pirates, who won for a second time in Milwaukee this season, but for only the ninth time since 2007 at Miller Park — against 47 losses.Locke (5-1) gave up three hits and struck out a season-high seven, to win his fourth straight game . It was the second straight game he didn't give up a run.
2	  The Paris Opera Ballet doesn't travel much, and its dancers tend not to be a presence on the international guest-star circuit. If you want to see how the company is dancing, and who might be up and coming, you generally have to go to Paris.This week, however, you can simply go to the Berkshires, where 3e Étage (or Third Floor, where the dancers rehearse) is performing at Jacob's Pillow. Its members, all Opera Ballet soloists and corps members, are led by the dancer Samuel Murez, a company colleague whose parents are American but who was raised in Paris.
3	  DETROIT — The tempo for new- car sales in the United States accelerated after the 16-day partial government shutdown, as pent-up demand for refreshed vehicle models are keeping the industry on track for its best sales in six years.Overall sales in October rose.6 percent, to.2 million cars and trucks . That put the industry's seasonally adjusted annualized selling rate at.23 million vehicles, down from.28 million in September and the second monthly decline in a row.Despite the slowdown in the first part of the month, each of the three major domestic automakers reported double-digit sales gains on Friday.
0	 PARIS — The current best player in the world meets the greatest claycourt player of all time in a French Open blockbuster on Friday - but it is not even the final.Unusually no silverware will be at stake when Serbia's Novak Djokovic and Spaniard Rafa Nadal strut on to Philippe Chatrier court to face each other for the 35th time and whoever prevails will be favourite to lift the Musketeers' Cup on Sunday.
3	 LONDON — The British luxury group Burberry said Tuesday that its full-year pretax profit rose 14 percent on strong retail growth in Asian markets, where the company is expanding its numbers of branded stores .Burberry, known for its camel, red and black plaid-lined raincoats, posted adjusted pretax profit of £428 million, or $651 million, in the year to March. Analysts polled by Reuters had expected £415 million . Revenue in the Asia-Pacific region, the company's largest with around 35 percent of sales, rose 13 percent, led by demand for more expensive products in China and Hong Kong .
2	 In the video for  Roar,  the first single from Katy Perry's new record  Prism,  Ms. Perry plays a young woman going native in the jungle after a plane crash, learning to live with wild animals .  I got the eye of the tiger,  she sings, borrowing a line from Survivor,  Louder than a lion.  In her performance of  Roar  at the recent MTV Video Music Awards, she played a boxer in a ring; that setup made sense of the song's  I am the champion  line, borrowed from Queen.
1	 If you watch only one video about bat tongues this week, let it be one made by biologists at Brown University, who figured out how to illuminate the animals' long tongues without bothering their sensitive bat eyes.  We shot color high-speed video of the bats gathering nectar, which is challenging to obtain because color cameras require a lot of light,  said Cally J. Harper, lead author of a paper on the research. The nimble camera work, she said, produced  the 'aha' moment  of the study — read on for the results.
2	 When the New York Philharmonic announced its 2013-14 season in January, it sketched out a major new initiative, the NY Phil Biennial, in broad terms and a sprinkling of intriguing details. On Wednesday, the orchestra filled in more of the blanks, making clear that it is expanding its contemporary-music activities well beyond the composer residencies, the new-music series Contact! and the special events that it has embraced since Alan Gilbert took over as the Philharmonic's music director four years ago .
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — Law enforcement officials investigating the fatal shootings of two prosecutors here have been pursuing a variety of leads, including prison interviews with members of a violent white-supremacist gang and an examination of cases worked on by both victims. But they remain no closer to linking the shootings to any particular suspects or motive.On Tuesday, the Kaufman County district attorney's office reopened for business on the second floor of the local courthouse, three days after the county's top prosecutor, Mike McLelland, 63, and his wife, Cynthia, 65, were found shot to death in their home in Forney.
4	  WASHINGTON — Governors of both parties said on Saturday that they knew federal budget cuts were coming, and they pleaded with President Obama and Congress to give them more discretion over the use of federal money so they could minimize the pain for their citizens.The governors, arriving here for the winter meeting of the National Governors Association, said that the automatic across-the- board cuts in federal spending that are scheduled to begin at the end of the week were creating havoc, threatening jobs and sapping economic growth in their states .
0	 When the N.F.L. owners met near Dallas three years ago and chose to hold Super Bowl XLVIII in New Jersey, it was a balmy 90 degrees and dry as a bone. The,000 fans who attend the game in February may be happy if it is half as warm.This season's Super Bowl will be the first played outdoors in a cold climate, and if all goes well, cities like Boston, Chicago and Denver may bid to host future games. But in voting to reward the Jets and the Giants for spending .6 billion to build MetLife Stadium, the N.F.L.
3	  Political gridlock over fiscal policy didn't push the economy off a cliff. But it certainly isn't helping anything, either.Despite the chaos and uncertainty hovering over tax rates and government budget cuts at the turn of the year, job growth accelerated at the end of 2012 and was even faster than originally estimated, the Labor Department said on Friday. Job growth also continued at a steady if modest pace in January, with employers adding,000 payroll positions, though the unemployment rate ticked up to.9 percent.
2	 BERLIN — When Cameron Carpenter first came here, Berlin was covered in snow and looked as if spies might be lurking in the shadows. A year later, in, Mr. Carpenter — the enfant terrible of the concert organ world — moved from the East Village to a loft in what was once a bombed-out neighborhood in the East German side of the city and is now the trendy district of Mitte. I was personally attracted to the history of the city,  Mr. Carpenter, 32, recalled recently, as he sat on a vintage couch in his apartment.
3	  HONG KONG — Imax Corporation, the Canadian company that has long designed and manufactured large-screen cinema equipment on the outskirts of Toronto, plans to announce on Tuesday in Los Angeles that it has set up a joint venture with a Chinese company to develop and manufacture,000 home theater systems in China .Imax's decision to set up a joint venture with the Shenzhen-based TCL Multimedia Technology Holdings Limited is the latest sign of the powerful lure that China has become for Hollywood and its suppliers .
3	 J. C. Penney 's chief executive admitted on Wednesday that he had made  big mistakes  in his turnaround effort, as the retailer reported a startling fourth-quarter loss of.51 a share, compared with the 24-cent-a-share loss analysts had expected .In the year since the chief, Ron Johnson, introduced his ambitious new strategy, the company has lost.28 billion in sales and its stock is down about 55 percent. In his quest to  be the favorite store for everyone,  Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The federal government has been secretly collecting information on foreigners overseas for nearly six years from the nation's largest Internet companies like Google, Facebook and, most recently, Apple, in search of national security threats, the director of national intelligence confirmed Thursday night .The confirmation of the classified program came just hours after government officials acknowledged a separate seven-year effort to sweep up records of telephone calls inside the United States . Together, the unfolding revelations opened a window into the growth of government surveillance that began under the Bush administration after the terrorist attacks of Sept.
4	  WASHINGTON — Their battle with Democrats will have to wait. For now, Republicans have their hands full fighting one another.The strategist Karl Rove and his allies are under withering criticism for creating the Conservative Victory Project, their effort to help rebuild the Republican Party and win control of the Senate . Their pledge to take sides in primary races in an effort to pick candidates they see as more electable has set off a fierce backlash from conservative activists . This is not Tea Party versus establishment,  Mr. Rove said, defending his new project on Fox News .
2	 Where Ballet Meets Fashion: At the New York City Ballet, a new season brings three new ballets and a new collaboration with three fashion designers : Prabal Gurung, Iris van Herpen and Olivier Theyskens. Just another Friday,  she announced coolly while balancing on one foot as Mr. Theyskens, the Belgian fashion designer, snipped fabric away from her thigh.  All in the name of fashion. At least the second part was true: Next Thursday, City Ballet will host an opening-night gala of premieres at the David H. Koch Theater in which choreography isn't the only star.
4	  MIAMI — A judge on Tuesday rebuffed George Zimmerman's request for a five-month delay of his trial in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin, saying it would begin as scheduled on June. We are four months away from a trial date,  Judge Debra S. Nelson of Circuit Court told defense lawyers during a contentious hearing.  I don't see any of your issues to be insurmountable. The decision came on what would have been Mr. Martin's 18th birthday, which was commemorated outside the courthouse in Sanford, Fla., with community leaders and students singing   Happy Birthday .
0	 The season is not quite half over, and Devils Coach Pete DeBoer might already be running out of ways to praise Jaromir Jagr.Jagr had a goal and two assists, Andy Greene scored 43 seconds into overtime and Marek Zidlicky had two goals as the Devils rallied past the host Washington Capitals, 5-4, on Saturday night . He amazes me every night I come to the rink,  DeBoer said of Jagr, a 41-year-old forward.  I don't have a lot more adjectives to describe him, but he's a pleasure to work with.
1	 Researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston have made functioning rat kidneys in the laboratory, a bioengineering achievement that may one day lead to the ability to create replacement organs for people with kidney disease .The scientists said the rat kidneys produced urine in the laboratory as well as when transplanted into rats. The kidneys were made by stripping donor kidneys of their cells and putting new cells that regenerate tissue into them.
4	 MINOT, N.D. — Charlie's Main Street Cafe in the heart of downtown here is a monument to small-town Americana.The menu offers down-home favorites: eggs and bacon, chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes, chicken noodle soup, vanilla ice cream and, yes, apple pie . Polished timber panels provide a log-cabin atmosphere. Framed black-and-white photos from generations past adorn the walls: carriage-style cars cruising down Main Street, baseball players in stirrups and knickers, President Dwight D. Eisenhower in a black top hat shaking a man's hand.It is a gathering place for local leaders, and for residents to catch up on gossip.
2	 Plenty of unknown musicians start arguments over online piracy . Few get the chance to do so on a,000- square-foot video billboard overlooking Times Square .For the last week a mysterious ad has flashed on the LED billboard above the American Eagle Outfitters store at Broadway and 46th Street, just over the bronze shoulder of George M. Cohan. Variably positing piracy as  criminal,   progress  and  the future,  it asks the observer to  pick a side  on Twitter, as #artistsforpiracy or #artistsagainstpiracy.
3	 Italy's new prime minister, Enrico Letta, is making the best of a bad job. After the inconclusive election in February, it looked as if Italy's dysfunctional political system might drag the country further into the abyss. There was a risk that nobody would be able to form a government, that new elections would be called and that even these would end in stalemate .In the end, a grand coalition was formed involving Mr. Letta's center-left Democrats, Silvio Berlusconi's center-right People of Freedom and Mario Monti's centrist group.
4	  DENVER — Colorado lawmakers passed legislation on Tuesday to legalize civil unions for same-sex couples, following several years of bitter debate over the issue.Pushed by the Democrat -led legislature and backed by a handful of Republicans, the bill had been widely expected to gain approval this year, after Democrats retook control of the State House of Representatives last November.But Tuesday's victory was no less meaningful for supporters who had come frustratingly close to passing the legislation in. And it signaled the latest shift in a state that was once seen as hostile toward gays and lesbians .
2	 OFFENBURG, GERMANY — The black telescoping arm of the Supertechno 30 camera crane swooped over the live television audience, as the scent of pyrotechnics from a Swedish band's performance lingered in the air. The Academy Award-winning actor Denzel Washington watched as a German man wearing goggles stuck his finger in a bottle and made a popping sound.Mr. Washington clapped and offered encouragement as though he was back on the sidelines in  Remember the Titans .
4	 Under Gov . Rick Perry 's leadership, Texas will not expand Medicaid eligibility to poor adults. But enrollment in the state's health program for indigent children and the disabled will still swell in 2014 under new rules created by the federal Affordable Care Act .Texas' health care provider safety net and the state agency that oversees Medicaid are preparing for the anticipated increase and other challenges that lie ahead.
0	 The Yankees added to their infield and bullpen depth on Tuesday, agreeing to contracts with second baseman Brian Roberts and the left-hander Matt Thornton. Roberts will get a $2 million guarantee for one year, and Thornton will make $7 million over two years.The Roberts contract was confirmed by a baseball official who was not authorized to speak publicly because the deal is pending a physical exam. Thornton's agent, Adam Hubble, confirmed his client's contract agreement and said Thornton would have a physical in the next week.
3	  Stocks fell Tuesday, retreating further from last week's rally after the federal budget deal, as companies started to report quarterly results .In the wake of a.3 percent increase in the two sessions around the close of the budget negotiations, the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500- stock index has fallen, with investors finding few catalysts to extend the rally that took the index to five-year highs.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Anyone unfamiliar with Chip Kelly's unique way of disguising play calls might confuse the Philadelphia Eagles' sideline for a commercial promoting the City of Brotherly Love.There's the Liberty Bell, Rocky Balboa, the Phillie Phanatic, Benjamin Franklin, Will Smith as the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air... and even a cheesesteak.Kelly has chosen some iconic Philadelphia figures — and foods — for those placards his staff hoists on the sideline to convey plays to those on the field. It's a system Kelly began using three years ago at Oregon .
3	  HONG KONG — The government of Singapore announced measures on Monday that will compel companies to give priority to local residents in the job recruitment process, a move that could create more challenges for multinational firms doing business in the Southeast Asian city- state .The measures will require companies operating in Singapore to advertise vacancies to local residents for two weeks before they can apply to fill positions with overseas workers. The recruitment notices must be posted to a central job bank to be administered by a government employment agency, according to a statement released by the Ministry of Manpower.
4	  WASHINGTON — With a few confirmation victories in his pocket, President Obama decided Monday to press ahead with another cabinet nominee in defiance of Republican opposition as he tapped an assertive civil rights regulator to be his next labor secretary .Mr. Obama's nomination of Thomas E. Perez, who has racked up record discrimination and housing claims as head of the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department, generated criticism from some Senate Republicans who called him a divisive and political choice. But after pushing through other disputed nominees, most notably Chuck Hagel, the defense secretary, Mr.
2	 Wong Kar-wai was recounting his research for  The Grandmaster,  the tale of the kung fu innovator who trained Bruce Lee . As he described crisscrossing the mainland to talk to aging martial artists, he could have been setting the scene for a movie . I went to a town in the middle of China . Winter, 5 o'clock in the morning, a train station, snowing,  Mr. Wong recalled.  I find a grandmaster . And he's training with around 30 students. With his 10th feature — his first original one since 2007 — Mr.
3	  Toll Brothers, the luxury- home builder, reported on Wednesday that its earnings fell 24 percent in its fiscal third quarter because of a higher tax expense, but it was upbeat about the rebound in the housing market .  Sales volumes and pricing power both increased this quarter from a year ago, a pattern consistent with recent quarters,  Douglas C. Yearley, Toll's chief executive, said in a statement.  We believe the recovery is real, and we are in the early stages of the rebound. Toll, based in Horsham, Pa., said its earnings dropped to.
0	 Geoffrey Sisk is going back to the U.S. Open, an example of why this major championship truly is open to one and all.In what looked like a marathon and felt like a sprint, the 48-year-old New Englander went from being a long shot to assuring himself of a tee time at the U.S. Open in just 20 days.
2	 When the Saturday headliners, Mumford & Sons, canceled after a band member's medical emergency, the group was drafted to play a set of its own in one of the tents. As soon as that performance ended, five of the band members got into a van and sped to the main stage, where they joined the substitute headliner, Jack Johnson, for the final song of his encore (hastily rehearsed that afternoon in a motel lobby, in front of a stadium-size audience.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA is headed back to the moon, this time to explore its thin atmosphere and rough dust.The robotic spacecraft LADEE (pronounced LA'-dee, will fly to the moon by way of Virginia's Eastern Shore .Liftoff is set for late Friday night from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility. Weather permitting, the soaring Minotaur rocket should be visible along much of the East Coast — as far south as South Carolina, as far north as Maine and as far west as Pittsburgh .
4	 MARYVILLE, Mo. — The mayor of this small manufacturing town in northwest Missouri hardly blinks an eye these days when he gets an e-mail that calls him an unflattering name in the subject line. Those tend to be the tame ones. Others cut much deeper.  'May you never sleep at night again, and may your soul burn eternally in hell' — that's commonplace now,  said the mayor, Jim Fall, recalling one of the hundreds of messages that flooded his in-box last week.
4	  BOSTON — Martin J. Walsh, who grew up as the son of Irish immigrants in a triple-decker in Dorchester, will be the next mayor of Boston .Buoyed by support from organized labor, Mr. Walsh, 46, a state representative, defeated City Councilman John R. Connolly, 40, on Tuesday in a hard-fought but relatively civil race that went down to the wire. With 100 percent of precincts reporting, Mr. Walsh won 52 percent and Mr. Connolly 48 percent. This is unbelievable!  Mr. Walsh said, noting that he had just accepted congratulations from President Obama .
2	 The sketches on  Key & Peele,  a Comedy Central series that begins its third season on Wednesday, are often caustic, but they're also usually smart. The season premiere includes a sketch that begins with a  battle rap  — two rappers go at it in an exchange of insults — but ends by invoking Steinbeck.The show stars Keegan-Michael Key (the best thing about the recently released movie  Hell Baby ) and Jordan Peele, physically mismatched but comically in sync, who like to push the boundaries of racial humor.
3	 WINDSOR, Ontario — Assumption Park gives residents of this city lovely views of the Ambassador Bridge and the Detroit skyline. Lately they've been treated to another sight: a three-story pile of petroleum coke covering an entire city block on the other side of the Detroit River.Detroit's ever-growing black mountain is the unloved, unwanted and long overlooked byproduct of Canada's oil sands boom .And no one knows quite what to do about it, except Koch Carbon, which owns it.
2	 There's not much that Melissa McCarthy will let stand in the way of where she wants to go: not the limited vision of Hollywood, not the perceptions of her detractors and certainly not Sandra Bullock.The scene they were filming on their action comedy  The Heat,  in which Ms. McCarthy and Ms. Bullock play mismatched law-enforcement officers, was a seemingly straightforward one in which the actresses would try to force themselves through a doorway at the same time. But that's when Ms. McCarthy saw the opportunity to have some fun with her co-star and decided to get aggressive.
2	  To me it's my midlife celebration car,  Mr. Dorfman, 57, said recently at a cafe near the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Harvey Theater, where his latest work,  Come, and Back Again,  will have its New York premiere on Oct. 16.  It's like, I'm here — and I'm so happy to be alive. In, Mr. Dorfman weathered a serious car accident near New London, Conn., where he leads the dance department at Connecticut College and lives with his wife, the dancer and choreographer Lisa Race, and their 12-year-old son, Sam.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration said Wednesday that people who obtained health insurance by March 31 would not face any tax penalties for being uninsured in the first three months of.Under President Obama's health care law, most Americans will be required to have insurance next year, and they may be subject to tax penalties if they go without coverage .People can sign up for insurance during a six-month open enrollment period that is scheduled to end on March. Under an earlier official interpretation of the law, people would have needed to sign up by Feb.
4	  WASHINGTON — The final day of the Senate's 2013 session ended on an anticlimactic note on Friday as senators pressed the pause button on the bickering that had kept the chamber nearly paralyzed this year.The day opened with a bit of a scare when Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, was hospitalized in the early morning after falling ill.Mr. Reid, who just turned, remained in the hospital for most of the day and was at home by the evening.Mr. Reid's spokesman, Adam Jentleson, said the senator went to the hospital as a precaution.
0	 (Reuters) - Injured striker Robin van Persie is expected to miss Manchester United's Capital One Cup tie against Liverpool on Wednesday but could be fit for Saturday's Premier League clash with West Bromwich Albion . I don't think Robin van Persie will play on Wednesday but he has an outside chance for Saturday,  manager David Moyes told reporters on Tuesday.The Dutchman was sidelined for the 4-1 defeat at Manchester City on Sunday due to a groin strain and United missed the man whose 26 league goals last season helped them to the title .
0	  CHICAGO — Michael Weiner, the chief of the baseball players union, said the players association had recommended that Alex Rodriguez accept a suspension from Major League Baseball if it were for a reasonable number of games. That perhaps suggests that evidence uncovered in baseball's investigation into Biogenesis, a defunct South Florida anti-aging clinic, demonstrated Rodriguez was guilty of something.But the penalty of 211 games that baseball levied on Rodriguez on Monday for using banned substances and then thwarting its investigation was excessive, in the opinion of the union and Rodriguez .
0	  MINNEAPOLIS — The upper class of college basketball will again be well represented at the Maui Invitational in Hawaii, where many of the game's stars have gathered for decades to show off their early-season stuff.When Syracuse takes the court Monday afternoon, Coach Jim Boeheim will be on the sideline trying to beat an opponent with a familiar name.Except this guy is actually a newcomer to the scene, Richard Pitino, who will go to the tropical showcase with Minnesota and not Providence, Kentucky or Louisville like his father, the Hall of Fame coach Rick Pitino .
4	 Though they make up roughly a third of the state's population, Latinos account for nearly two-thirds of the more than six million Texans without health insurance . But in the 13 days since a federal insurance marketplace aimed at helping the uninsured find coverage opened, health care advocates across the state have encountered common obstacles in getting Latinos registered, including limited access to computers and the lack of an e-mail address.
0	 CROMWELL, Conn. — The journeyman Ken Duke made a 2 ½- foot birdie putt on the second playoff hole Sunday to beat Chris Stroud at the Travelers Championship and earn his first PGA Tour victory .Stroud had chipped in from 51 feet on the 18th hole to force the playoff.But the 44-year-old Duke made the better approach shot on the second extra hole, bouncing his ball in front of the flag and rolling it close. I've knocked on the door a lot, and here we are,  said Duke, who turned professional in.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Justin Pugh, the Giants' rookie right tackle, refers to the N.F.L. as the  Not for Long  league . After the wrenching changes he has observed in the team's offensive line and elsewhere, no one can blame him for developing such cynicism at an early age.Pugh has been one of the few constants for a 6-9 team that is lurching toward Sunday's season finale against the skidding Washington Redskins .
4	  WASHINGTON — If drone pilots and computer experts had any doubts that they truly are central to the new way of combat, Defense Secretary Leon E . Panetta used his valedictory Pentagon news conference on Wednesday to make it clear: he established a new medal just for them.The Distinguished Warfare Medal will provide  recognition for the extraordinary achievements that directly impact on combat operations, but that do not involve acts of valor or physical risk that combat entails,  Mr. Panetta said.
0	 TAMPA, Fla. — A team of aspiring Yankees played in a spring training game on the other side of Florida on Friday. Meanwhile, three of the most revered Yankees in team history had their run of the team's quiet complex, preparing for what is likely to be their last season together after two immensely successful decades.
4	  WASHINGTON — With a coordination and an energy that echo a Supreme Court nomination fight, the Obama administration is pushing for the confirmation of a senior Justice Department lawyer to the country's most prestigious appellate court . If the effort fails, it could lead to a confrontation with the Senate over the long-simmering issue of judicial nominees.The White House is lobbying some of the president's most vocal foes, including Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . Administration officials are trumpeting the endorsement of top Republican lawyers like Kenneth W. Starr, the special prosecutor who investigated the Clintons.
3	 Boeing has developed possible fixes for the battery problems in its grounded 787 jets and could have them back in the air within two months, industry and federal officials said Wednesday.The officials said Boeing has narrowed down the ways the lithium-ion batteries on the jetliners could fail, and believes that adding insulation between the cells of the batteries and making other changes would provide enough assurance that they would be safe to use.Raymond L. Conner, the president of Boeing's commercial airplane division, plans to propose the fixes in a Friday meeting with Michael P.
3	 Thousands of foreign-trained immigrant physicians are living in the United States with lifesaving skills that are going unused because they stumbled over one of the many hurdles in the path toward becoming a licensed doctor here.The involved testing process and often duplicative training these doctors must go through are intended to make sure they meet this country's high quality standards, which American medical industry groups say are unmatched elsewhere in the world. Some development experts are also loath to make it too easy for foreign doctors to practice here because of the risk of a  brain drain  abroad.
3	  WASHINGTON — The days of airline passengers being hounded to turn off their tablets or e- readers for takeoff and landing are coming to an end.On Thursday, the Federal Aviation Administration announced that passengers would be able to use electronic devices to listen to music, read and play games in all phases of flight, though the ban on using cellphones to talk and text will remain.The normally conservative F.A.A.
3	  HONG KONG — Imax Corporation, the Canadian company that has long designed and manufactured large-screen cinema equipment on the outskirts of Toronto, plans to announce on Tuesday in Los Angeles that it has set up a joint venture with a Chinese multinational to develop and manufacture,000 home theater systems in China .Imax's decision to set up a joint venture with the Shenzhen-based TCL Multimedia Technology Holdings Limited is the latest sign of the powerful lure that China has become for Hollywood and its suppliers .
3	  Wall Street reached another market milestone on Tuesday when the Nasdaq composite index closed above the,000-point mark for the first time in 13 years.The Nasdaq's milestone comes after two other round-number moments last week, when the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index closed above,800 for the first time and the Dow Jones industrial average finished above,000.On Tuesday, both the S.&P. and Dow gave up modest early gains in the last half- hour of trading and finished basically flat.
4	 In South Carolina, people accused of sexually abusing children do not face trial for years. Children who report abuse are not interviewed for weeks. Churches often stand between victims and help.Those were among the findings of a privately financed report that comes as South Carolina is working to shore up its child protective system. The state is facing lawsuits and legislative scrutiny after a series of deaths, rapes and other assaults on children who were in state custody.The report was welcomed by Gov . Nikki R.
3	 SHANGHAI — The British pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline said Monday that some of its executives might have broken the law in China, the company's strongest statement yet on a bribery and corruption scandal that has engulfed its China operations.The statement, released after three top Glaxo executives met with Chinese investigators, came amid signs that other drug makers could also come under scrutiny from the Chinese authorities .On Monday, the British-Swedish drug company AstraZeneca said one of its employees had been questioned by the police in Shanghai.
0	 LONDON — Kirsten Flipkens, a Belgian outsider whose tennis career almost flatlined a year ago after four blood clots were found in her calf, enjoyed a second lease of life as she stormed into her first Wimbledon semi-final on Tuesday.The bespectacled Belgian threw her name into the hat of Wimbledon's giant-slayers by beating 2011 champion Petra Kvitova 4-6 6-3 6-4 on a floodlit Center Court .
4	  BOSTON — For an election that was supposed to be about the big issues of the day, the special election in Massachusetts to fill the Senate seat vacated by John Kerry seems to be about everything but.The big news this week was that Gabriel Gomez, the Republican candidate, called Representative Edward J. Markey, his Democratic opponent,  pond scum  for campaign ads that Mr. Gomez did not like.And Mr. Markey, who has not been highly visible with retail events on the campaign trail, has also been missing votes in Washington, according to The Boston Globe .
2	  Black Nativity,  an unapologetically feel-good musical about a family's Christmas miracle, is a stark stylistic departure from Kasi Lemmons's signature film as a director, the brooding 1997 indie hit  Eve's Bayou.  But Ms. Lemmons said that  in a weird way  the two films are not dissimilar: Both examine complicated families and belief in things unseen through a child's perspective.And  Black Nativity,  which opens Wednesday, was the movie she needed to make now, as it helped her manage her despair over the loss of a beloved sister, a blow that had Ms.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Hollywood Boulevard is the West Coast equivalent of Times Square, an urban reclamation project that transformed a strip once notorious for crime, drug-dealing and prostitution into a tourist destination, a thriving night-life district and the home of movie premieres and the Academy Awards .
2	 SALZBURG, Austria — In the early 1890s, while working with the librettist Arrigo Boito on  Falstaff,  his final opera, Verdi was immersed in a plan to build a retirement home in Milan for singers and musicians who had fallen upon hard times . The architect was Camillo Boito, the brother of the librettist. Falstaff  had a triumphant premiere at La Scala in Milan in, when Verdi was. Construction of the retirement home, Casa di Riposo per Musicisti, was completed in. The place came to be known as Casa Verdi and is still operating, which would surely gratify him.
3	 Despite dysfunction in Washington and a 16-day government shutdown, the economy chugged along in October, surprising many analysts as private sector hiring bounced back after a spring slowdown . The latest figures, along with upward revisions for job creation in August and September released by the Labor Department on Friday, lifted the estimated monthly pace of hiring to,000 over the last three months. If that strength persists, the Federal Reserve will probably feel comfortable enough to begin easing back on its stimulus efforts, economists said, though probably not as early as its next meeting in December.
4	 STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — A 16-year-old girl who prosecutors say was raped by two high school football stars here last August after a night of drinking took the witness stand on Saturday and told a judge that she had no memory of a six-hour period during which each of the teenagers is said to have assaulted her.The trial abruptly ended Saturday night after the girl's testimony, and Tom Lipps, the juvenile court judge who is hearing the case, said he would issue a verdict at 10 a.m. on Sunday.
4	  WASHINGTON — Nearly,000 Americans were denied guns in, according to Justice Department data, because they lied or provided inaccurate information about their criminal histories on background-check forms. Yet only 44 of those people were charged with a crime .The staggeringly low number of prosecutions for people who  lie and try,  as it is called by law enforcement officials, is being studied by the Obama administration as it considers measures to curb gun violence after the Connecticut elementary school shootings in December.A task force headed by Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr .
4	  WASHINGTON — Jesse L. Jackson Jr ., the former Democratic representative from Illinois, pleaded guilty on Wednesday to one felony fraud count in connection with his use of,000 in campaign money to pay for living expenses and buy items like stuffed animals, elk heads and fur capes.As part of a plea agreement, prosecutors recommended that Mr. Jackson receive a sentence of 46 to 57 months in prison. The federal judge overseeing the case, Robert L. Wilkins, is scheduled to sentence Mr. Jackson on June. For years I lived off my campaign,  Mr.
3	  PARIS — The French market regulator said Monday that it had fined LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the luxury giant controlled by Bernard Arnault, €8 million for having built in stealth its stake in Hermès International. LVMH immediately said it would appeal the decision .
0	 (Reuters) - The Vancouver Canucks will host the Ottawa Senators in a return of the Heritage Classic next season, the National Hockey League said on Wednesday, adding a sixth date to the league's ambitious schedule of outdoor games.The Canucks will become the first NHL team to host a game in a retractable-roof facility and just the third Canadian NHL team to stage a regular-season game outdoors, following the Edmonton Oilers in 2003 and Calgary Flames in.
2	 When Joel and Ethan Coen were growing up, they used to make Super 8 films, including remakes of Hollywood movies that they had watched on TV.
4	  WASHINGTON — James B. Comey will begin shadowing the F.B.I. director, Robert S. Mueller III, next week as he prepares to take on the job himself.Mr. Comey was a deputy attorney general under President George W . Bush but has not had a government job since. So he will have to acquaint himself with the latest threats to the United States — as well as the whereabouts of the men's room at the bureau's headquarters here.But his off-the-job training stops Sept. 5, when Mr. Comey will take over from Mr. Mueller and begin a 10-year term.Under Mr.
3	  BRUSSELS — The man who represents the 27 leaders of the European Union warned Thursday of widespread opposition to steps that may be necessary to keep Britain as a member of the bloc . Herman Van Rompuy, the president of the European Council, said he saw  no impending need to open the E.U. treaties  to address the complaints of countries like Britain that are outside the euro zone and that object to  federal Euroland  rules governing the bloc . Nor do I feel much appetite for it around the leaders' table,  Mr.
4	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — One of the country's most renowned sushi restaurants, Urasawa, sits in a small alcove above Rodeo Drive here. A typical bill for two people easily tops,000. Over an evening that can stretch to three hours, diners are served dishes dotted with caviar and 24- karat gold flakes (for the iron, the chef notes.But workers in the back kitchen are routinely denied overtime pay and forbidden from taking breaks, according to former employees and a California Labor Department investigation.
2	 Tumbleweeds blew through theaters playing   The Lone Ranger   over the weekend, calling into question Johnny Depp 's star power, extending Jerry Bruckheimer 's troubled box-office run and probably leading to a write down of $100 million or more at Disney 's film studio.Even more humiliating for Disney :  Despicable Me,  a relatively inexpensive cartoon from Universal — a new force in animation, the art form that Walt Disney perfected for the masses — was an immediate smash hit.  Despicable Me 2  took in about.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — The Texas Senate gave final passage on Friday to one of the strictest anti-abortion measures in the country, legislation championed by Gov . Rick Perry, who rallied the Republican-controlled Legislature late last month after a Democratic filibuster blocked the bill and intensified already passionate resistance by abortion-rights supporters .The bill would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and hold abortion clinics to the same standards as hospital-style surgical centers, among other requirements.
3	 In voting to impose a modest charge on new residential solar customers, Arizona's power regulators have ended, for the moment, a bitter fight between the rooftop solar industry and the state's main electric utility.The closely watched decision, which came late Thursday after months of increasingly heated debate from both sides, preserves a credit system that has been a powerful incentive in attracting solar customers and adds less compensation than the utility, Arizona Public Service, had sought.
4	  BOSTON — At the midmorning break in the trial of James (Whitey) Bulger, Patricia Donahue had a few choice words for Henry Brennan, one of the lawyers defending the crime boss against a sweeping slate of charges that include participation in the murder of her husband, Michael Donahue. She and her family approached him, and thanked him.During the morning's testimony, Mr. Brennan had pounded away at John Morris, the former F.B.I. supervisor who pleaded guilty to taking bribes from Mr. Bulger, but who has immunity from prosecution to testify against him. Under Mr. Brennan's cross-examination, Mr.
3	 After years of struggling, Gap began the year with a strong quarter, its net income increasing 43 percent. Gap Inc ., which owns the Gap, Old Navy and Banana Republic clothing chains, continued to reap benefits from the turnaround plan that it began early last year and reiterated its full-year earnings outlook .The latest results are welcome news for customers and investors who have watched Gap over the years sink from an industry darling to an afterthought. Gap's performance shows that efforts by the chain to attract customers with brightly colored fashions and lively advertisements are helping sales.
2	 As a lifelong believer in the sanctity of the Great Indoors, at least when it comes to movies, I have never been to a drive-in or a rooftop screening. One typically balmy Los Angeles night, some friends and I watched a movie projected on a parking lot wall, but other than this adventure and a youthful stint working for the filmmaker Jon Rubin — whose Floating Cinema projected movies alfresco on pontoon boats that we guided into waterways unannounced, delighting and sometimes startling onshore campers — I have spent most of my movie life inside.
1	 So much about the extinct little people nicknamed hobbits remains roundly contentious 10 years after their fossils were discovered on the Indonesian island of Flores. But a new study has weighed in with strong support for the original hypothesis about them: that they were remnants of a previously unknown distinct species of the genus Homo that lived as recently as,000 years ago .Detailed comparisons show that the single skull among the skeletal remains is  clearly distinct  from skulls of healthy modern humans, the study said.
3	  This is truly the next chapter in G.M.'s recovery and turnaround history. Mary T. Barra, 51, who was named the next C.E.O. of the General Motors . She started there at age 18 as a co-op student in the company's technical school. We are in the midst of the worst rental affordability crisis that this country has known. Shaun Donovan, the secretary of housing and urban development. The collapse of the housing boom has helped stoke a severe shortage of affordable apartments.  Employers are seriously considering walking away from their plans.
3	  BEIJING — Twenty minutes' drive from Shanghai's glitzy financial district, dozens of migrant workers are preparing to abandon homes in old shipping containers, as one of the more unusual solutions to the housing shortage in China faces the wrecking ball .Cheap but crowded neighborhoods are being cleared across China as part of a stepped-up urbanization campaign by the country's new leaders . China aims to spend an estimated 40 trillion renminbi, or $6 trillion, on infrastructure, including housing, as a projected 400 million people become urban residents over the next decade.
2	 Visitors to  A Journal of Insomnia,  part of the Storyscapes section of the forthcoming Tribeca Film Festival, will set up an appointment and, at the agreed-upon hour, receive a phone call. They will then presumably stumble sleepless to their computers, click on the  Insomnia  Web site and interact with one of four characters featured in the festival's foray into transmedia: the crazy-quilt crossroads of new technology, uncertain expectations and audience participation.Transmedia is tricky, the senior Storyscapes programmer Ingrid Kopp said, because defining it is like nailing down Jell-O.
3	 Ferdi van 't Wout, a manager for a global electronics manufacturer in the Netherlands, frequently stays in hostels when traveling for work, an option he discovered last year by accident. I unexpectedly needed to be in Copenhagen to meet with some colleagues,  he said.  Due to the short notice and some big event happening, it was simply impossible to find a hotel in the city center that was anywhere close to being considered affordable.  So he made a reservation for a private room with a bath at the hostel Generator Copenhagen.
1	  HOUSTON — Beyond the security gate at the Johnson Space Center's 1960s-era campus here, inside a two-story glass and concrete building with winding corridors, there is a floating laboratory.Harold G. White, a physicist and advanced propulsion engineer at NASA, beckoned toward a table full of equipment there on a recent afternoon: a laser, a camera, some small mirrors, a ring made of ceramic capacitors and a few other objects.
4	 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Knees sprang up, way up, as the students stepped into their slow march during practice this week. Sweat cascaded down their bodies, but they held the pose, five seconds, again and again. Then, they burst across the field, horns and drums at full blast, in frenzied precision.The Marching 100 of Florida A&M University, one of the country's most celebrated bands, is back on the field.
4	  WASHINGTON — A new book from a conservative advocate of tighter campaign finance regulations seeks to draw attention to a number of questionable but legal fund-raising activities — some potentially damaging, others certainly embarrassing — that could prove uncomfortable for some on Capitol Hill .The author is Peter Schweizer, a fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, whose last book focused on how members of both parties enriched themselves by trading stock based on information they obtained by virtue of their positions in Congress .
0	  PORT ST . LUCIE, Fla. — Though he has yet to play an inning of major league baseball for the Mets, Matt den Dekker has already begun to make a name for himself among the team's fans.Over the last few years, den Dekker, a 25-year-old center-field prospect from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., has lit up television screens and computer monitors through a growing highlight reel of leaping grabs and diving catches.That should be a point of interest for Mets fans. From a purely aesthetic standpoint, the defensive play at Citi Field has left much to be desired.
0	  Pinch-hitter Mark Reynolds hit a tiebreaking single in the 10th inning, and Cleveland won at Detroit, 4-3.The Indians, who have not lost any of their last seven series, tied the score in the ninth on Michael Brantley's two-out single off Jose Valverde. ORIOLES, TWINS 0 Chris Davis, Adam Jones and Steve Pearce homered for visiting Baltimore, which has won six of eight.Wei-Yin Chen (3-3) pitched five strong innings against Minnesota before leaving with a strained right oblique.
3	  DETROIT — General Motors introduced its revamped Chevrolet Malibu sedan on Friday — just a year after it put out the latest version of the car.It is unusual for a carmaker to make major changes to a new model so soon. But with the Malibu still lagging behind its competitors in the important midsize car category, G.M. is moving uncharacteristically fast to improve it.G.M. has a lot riding on its success.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — Retail sales rose more than expected in December, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday, as Americans shrugged off the threat of higher taxes and bought automobiles and a variety of other goods.The government said retail sales rose .5 percent last month, compared with a.4 percent increase, after revisions, in November. Sales in November were previously reported to have gained.3 percent. Economists polled by Reuters had expected sales to rise only.2 percent. Sales were up.7 percent from December 2011 and up.2 percent for the whole of, suggesting momentum in consumer spending as the year ended.
4	  WASHINGTON — Feeling outcast and alone in Iraq, Bradley Manning, then a 22-year-old Army private, turned to the Internet for solace in early, wanting to share with the world what he saw as the unconscionable horrors of war, an act that resulted in what military prosecutors called one of the greatest betrayals in the nation's history.Within months, he was arrested for making public, through the WikiLeaks organization, the greatest cache of secret government information since the Pentagon Papers.
2	 When you hear that Chris O'Dowd of  Bridesmaids  and  Girls  plays the 6-foot, suit-wearing imaginary friend of an Irish 12-year-old in  Moone Boy,  it's natural to assume that the show revolves around him.That it's actually about the boy, played by the young actor David Rawle, has a lot to do with why  Moone Boy  is the most charming new television comedy to arrive in America this year. Mr. O'Dowd, who created the show and wrote it with his frequent collaborator Nick Vincent Murphy, defers to Mr.
0	  Yu Darvish struck out 14 batters, and Adrian Beltre singled home the winning run with two outs in the ninth inning as the host Texas Rangers beat Boston, 4-3, on Sunday, completing a three-game sweep and matching the Red Sox for the best record in the majors .Both teams and the St . Louis Cardinals are.Beltre lined a hit to right-center off Clayton Mortensen (0-2) that sent home Elvis Andrus, who had reached on a two-out single and moved up on a wild pitch. The Red Sox then walked Lance Berkman intentionally.
3	 GAFFNEY, S.C. — The old textile mills here are mostly gone now. Gaffney Manufacturing, National Textiles, Cherokee — clangorous, dusty, productive engines of the Carolinas fabric trade — fell one by one to the forces of globalization.Just as the Carolinas benefited when manufacturing migrated first from the Cottonopolises of England to the mill towns of New England and then to here, where labor was even cheaper, they suffered in the 1990s when the textile industry mostly left the United States .
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans borrowed in May at the fastest pace in a year, an increase that typically means consumers are feeling more confident. Borrowing in the category that includes credit cards reached its highest point since the fall of.Americans stepped up their borrowing by.6 billion in May compared with April, the Federal Reserve said on Monday in its monthly report on consumer credit . That was the biggest jump since a.9 billion rise in May.The category that includes credit card use rose.6 billion, also the largest gain in a year. Credit card debt reached.1 billion, the most since September.
3	 PARIS — When the Russian foreign minister, Yevgeny Primakov, was trying to warn Poland against joining the NATO military alliance in the 1990s, he laced gallows humor with veiled menace. We know we can't stop you joining NATO . And you know that we know that we can't stop you joining NATO,  the now late Polish foreign minister Bronislaw Geremek quoted Mr . Primakov as telling him.  Just don't expect us to enjoy it.
3	 With the cost of some lifesaving cancer drugs exceeding,000 a year, more than 100 influential cancer specialists from around the world have taken the unusual step of banding together in hopes of persuading some leading pharmaceutical companies to bring prices down.Prices for cancer drugs have been part of the debate over health care costs for several years — and recently led to a public protest from doctors at a major cancer center in New York.
2	  CNN unveils its Sunday-night makeover this weekend, and if the goal was to look a little bit more like every other cable channel, then mission accomplished.The process began in April with the premiere of  Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown,  essentially a continuation of Mr. Bourdain's excellent Travel Channel series  No Reservations.
4	 In a letter to James B. Comey, President Obama's nominee for F.B.I. director, two Democratic senators expressed concern on Wednesday about Mr. Comey's views on waterboarding and his role in approving  enhanced interrogation techniques  while at the Justice Department in the George W. Bush administration .The senators, Richard J. Durbin of Illinois and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, said they wanted to know Mr. Comey's position on  an issue of great importance to our nation: torture.  Both senators are on the Judiciary Committee, which is scheduled to hold a confirmation hearing on the nomination on Tuesday.
2	 Nobody knows what punk rock truly is. Some have defined it well: Kurt Cobain simply said,   Punk rock means freedom.  Others not so well: A 1992 Subaru commercial insisted that the Imprezas were  just like punk, except it's cars.  In  Next Stop, Nowhere,  a 1982 episode of the television procedural  Quincy M.E.,  a murder has taken place in a club and a concerned parent describes punk to Jack Klugman's titular coroner as   violence -oriented music that does nothing but reinforce all those bad feelings.
0	 On Tuesday night, hours after a line drive in St . Petersburg, Fla., crashed off the head of Toronto Blue Jays pitcher J. A. Happ, Brandon McCarthy took the mound in Los Angeles and made his best start of the season for the Arizona Diamondbacks . McCarthy fractured his skull last September at Oakland, a victim of another line drive. He earned a two-year, $15 million contract before pitching his next game.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton waded into the battle over voting rights on Monday in the first of a series of speeches in which she says she plans to address some of the most pressing issues in Washington .Mrs. Clinton, in remarks delivered at the American Bar Association conference here, condemned the recent Supreme Court ruling on the Voting Rights Act, which has paved the way for states to pass laws that would require voters to present government-issued photo identification at the polls .Mrs.
3	  Federal prosecutors in New York filed a lawsuit on Tuesday accusing Novartis of providing illegal kickbacks to pharmacies, in the form of discounts and rebates, to promote use of one of the company's drugs. Using the lure of kickbacks disguised as rebates, Novartis co-opted the independence of certain pharmacists and turned them into salespeople for one of its drugs,  Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, said in a statement.The drug involved, Myfortic, is an immune suppressant used to help prevent rejection of transplanted kidneys.
0	 With so many negative adjectives used to describe Jacksonville at the start of the season, it is easy to see why opponents that lost to the Jaguars were shocked and embarrassed. In the last four weeks, Chad Henne and Company defeated Tennessee, Houston and Cleveland, and each team had players who said they did not know how to handle the disappointment. I couldn't care less what they think,  Cecil Shorts III, a Jaguars wide receiver, told reporters this week.  It's the N.F.L. You're going to win or lose each week. You've got to bring your best that week.
4	 In, Gov . Rick Perry signed the Move Over Act. It gave Texas drivers a new rule of the road when they came across a police car or other emergency vehicle parked on a shoulder with its lights flashing: slow down or move one lane over while passing.Missing from the law's list of protected groups was transportation workers, even though the state reports more than 100 motor vehicle deaths in construction or maintenance zones every year, many of them involving road workers. That will change on Sept.
3	 NEW YORK — The never-ending battle for long-haul premium-class passengers entered a new round in September, when Singapore Airlines introduced upgraded business - and first-class seats and services on flights between Singapore and London Heathrow Airport.The latest in a continuing line of in-flight product improvements by a carrier long considered a customer service leader, the new seats and services may inspire similar upgrades by other airlines.Singapore Airlines' move joins recent premium-class improvements by European carriers, including Lufthansa, Virgin Atlantic and KLM.
3	  WASHINGTON — Despite signs of revival in housing, the Obama administration announced on Thursday an extension of its principal program for helping distressed homeowners to get mortgage modifications and avoid foreclosure .Jacob J. Lew, the Treasury secretary, and Shaun Donovan, secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, said the Making Home Affordable program, which includes the Home Affordable Modification Program, known as HAMP, and related consumer protections, would remain in effect through. They were due to lapse at the end of this year.
0	 SUNRISE, Fla. — Tim Thomas wanted back in the NHL . The Florida Panthers wanted goaltending help.It might be a perfect match.The two-time Vezina Trophy winner agreed to a tryout deal with the Panthers on Monday, nearly a year and a half removed from his last game in the NHL . Thomas will be on the ice with Florida for practice Tuesday, and Panthers general manager Dale Tallon said his talks with the star of Boston's run to the 2011 Stanley Cup convinced him that the move was right.
2	 LONDON — A man wakes up one morning to find himself turned into a giant insect. It's the famous, improbable opening of Kafka's novella  The Metamorphosis,  and it popped into the choreographer Arthur Pita's head one day when he was thinking about working with the Royal Ballet principal dancer Edward Watson.The chances of that vague thought bearing fruit were slim . Mr. Watson is a busy man. The premise of Kafka's story and its subtle narrative constructions aren't necessarily obvious material for a dance. But come to fruition it did, and  The Metamorphosis  won Mr.
4	 VIDALIA, Ga. — For years, labor unions and immigrant rights activists have accused large-scale farmers, like those harvesting sweet Vidalia onions here this month, of exploiting Mexican guest workers . Working for hours on end under a punishing sun, the pickers are said to be crowded into squalid camps, driven without a break and even cheated of wages.
4	  CHICAGO — Riding a wave of   super PAC   spending that helped catapult her to the front of a crowded Democratic field, Robin Kelly, whose campaign called for tougher national gun laws, clinched her party's nomination Tuesday in a special primary election for the House seat vacated by Representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr .The outcome of the contest, which had been unexpectedly cast into the center of the national gun debate, was welcome news for Michael R. Bloomberg, the mayor of New York and a staunch gun-control advocate. He poured more than.2 million into attacking Ms.
0	  ST . PAUL, Minn. — Jason Pominville scored the only goal of the shootout to lift the Minnesota Wild to a 4-3 win over the Winnipeg Jets on Saturday night . Minnesota took a 2-0 lead into the locker room after 20 minutes on goals Carson McMillan and Charlie Coyle. New Wild defenseman Keith Ballard assisted on both. Winnipeg (1-2-2) stormed back with second-period goals by Eric O'Dell, Patrice Cormier and Paul Postma. Minnesota defenseman Ryan Suter forged a 3-3 tie in the third period, scoring off a feed from Zach Parise .
2	 One decade after   Saturday Night Live   began in, it added the first black woman to its primary cast. Danitra Vance, a gifted downtown actress and Second City veteran, lasted just one season.  Saturday Night Live   later cast Ellen Cleghorne (1991-95) and Maya Rudolph, a biracial star who left in. And that's it.
4	 A Democratic candidate for Congress in Nebraska ended his campaign on Monday, just two months after announcing that he would enter the race because of voter anger over the Republican-led shutdown of the federal government .The candidate, Pete Festersen, told The Omaha World-Herald that he was leaving the race because it was not the right timing for him and his family. Mr. Festersen, the president of the Omaha City Council, was running against Lee Terry, a Republican who has held the House seat since.In October, Mr.
0	 But it is not just the name that is lame this year as the Fed Cup prepares for the finals between Italy and Russia.The Italians have a full-strength team — including Sara Errani, Roberta Vinci and Flavia Pennetta — and are playing host in a lovely spot: Cagliari on the island of Sardinia, where the,000-seat stadium is reportedly sold out.The problem is the Russians. Once the dominant force in women's tennis, they have arrived without any of their top-ranked players. Their team will be Alexandra Panova (the 12th-ranked Russian and No. 136 in the world, Alisa Kleybanova (No. 16 and No.
4	  WASHINGTON — When Samantha Power, President Obama's nominee to be ambassador to the United Nations, faced senators at her confirmation hearing last week, the first question from Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, the ranking Republican, was how she defined an idealistic, if somewhat obscure, foreign policy principle known as   responsibility to protect . It was a politically loaded question to a woman who made her name as an academic by arguing that nations have a moral obligation to act against genocide and other mass atrocities .Ms.
3	 A unit of the British bank HSBC was hit on Thursday with a record.46 billion final judgment in a securities class-action lawsuit in Chicago against a lender formerly known as Household International.The judgment, by Judge Ronald Guzman of Federal District Court, was the largest in a securities fraud class-action suit that went to a trial, according to a statement from the Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd law firm, which represented investors .Almost all securities fraud class-action cases settle before going to a jury .
2	 Humans are hard-wired to want answers, explanations, solutions. We can't just accept that Jimmy Hoffa walked into an intergalactic wormhole in the Detroit suburbs and is now living somewhere in the constellation Orion; we have to keep looking for him. We can't just dump the contents of a jigsaw puzzle box onto a table and admire the colorful chaos ; we have to waste hours assembling it.Loads of television shows and Web offerings have tried to capitalize on this, like  The Unexplained Files,  which begins on Wednesday night on the Science Channel .
3	  ATLANTA — Homeownership was out of reach for Tishri Hyman, a single mother of two with a good job but less than stellar credit. But three years ago, she found the next best thing: a brand new house, complete with a fireplace, that she could rent. It was just absolutely magnificent to be able to live in a new home,  she said.  It gave me a sense of independence . It provided something for me that was probably missing. Ms.
2	 It was all Nelson Eddy's fault. Seventy-five years ago, at 8 o'clock on the evening of Oct. 30, 1938, millions of Americans tuned in their radios to listen to NBC's   Chase and Sanborn Hour,  a popular variety show starring the ventriloquist Edgar Bergen and his dummy Charlie McCarthy. When Bergen and McCarthy finished their first sketch — a routine about trick-or-treating — the announcer passed the microphone to Eddy, a booming baritone then starring with Jeanette MacDonald in a series of MGM operettas.
3	 AS C.E.O. of a fast-growing company, Magnet Media, I'm really committed to maintaining close relationships with clients . I think that's key to quality service. Even though we are proponents about the power of digital marketing, there's still nothing like being in a face-to-face meeting with a client and developing a relationship.I like business trips and I use travel time to collect my thoughts and get a fresh perspective. I like to bring something to read that's inspiring.
0	 (Reuters) - The wife of Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar was victim of an armed robbery in Fortaleza but played down the incident saying it was nothing more than  a gun pointed at me.Susana Werner said on Twitter that the robbery happened just before midnight on Wednesday in the city where hosts Brazil beat Mexico 2-0 in soccer's Confederations Cup . It was a routine robbery, just like all the ones I've heard about,  said Werner.  It was the first time, but I was prepared to not react. The criminals were young and just wanted my belongings.
0	 (Reuters) - Most wins in a single event on the PGA Tour, following the seven- shot victory by Tiger Woods in the WGC - Bridgestone Invitational at Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio on Sunday:
4	 LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Lt. Gov . Rick Sheehy resigned on Saturday after  breaking the public trust,  Gov . Dave Heineman of Nebraska said.Mr. Heineman announced Mr. Sheehy's resignation in a hastily arranged news conference . The governor said the resignation came after disclosures made in a public records request, but he declined to discuss what those disclosures were. As public officials, we are rightly held to a higher standard,  Mr. Heineman said.  I had trusted him, and that trust was broken. The Omaha World-Herald reported that Mr.
1	 Buckets of Blickets: Children and Logic: A game developed by researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, hopes to show how imaginative play in children may influence development of abstract thought.Other species play, but none play for as much of their lives as humans do, or as imaginatively, or with as much protection from the family circle. Human children are unique in using play to explore hypothetical situations rather than to rehearse actual challenges they'll face later.
4	  Salt Lake County began issuing marriage licenses to jubilant same-sex couples on Friday, hours after a federal judge ruled that Utah's amendment barring same-sex marriage violated the United States Constitution.The decision, by Judge Robert J. Shelby of United States District Court, ordered Utah to immediately cease enforcement of its laws restricting marriage to a man and a woman. Gov . Gary R. Herbert condemned the decision and said he was trying to determine  the best course to defend traditional marriage within the borders of Utah .
3	 It started in an unlikely place, far from the headquarters of more established technology companies, and grew to become a dominant player . Along the way, investors piled in, undeterred by the company's policy of never paying a dividend.But then the technology changed, and the company struggled to keep up. Eventually it realized it could not continue as it was. It was broken up and acquired, with investors receiving a fraction of what their shares had been worth at the peak.That was the story of the Digital Equipment Corporation, which was based in a former textile mill in Maynard, Mass.
3	 PARIS — France's  cultural exception  — the policy that creative works like books, music and movies deserve protection beyond what is accorded ordinary goods — is in line for a digital update.A government adviser has suggested that manufacturers pay a 1 percent levy on the price of smartphones and tablet computers to help keep funding for such works alive, as more and more end up online and beyond the reach of existing taxes .
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits rose,000 last week, to a seasonally adjusted,000, although the level remains consistent with steady hiring .The Labor Department said on Thursday that the less volatile four-week average increased,000, to,750.The weekly applications data can be volatile in July because some automakers briefly close their factories to prepare for new models and many schools close. Those factors can create a temporary spike in layoffs.The broader trend has been favorable. Applications have declined steadily in the last year, as companies have laid off fewer workers and stepped up hiring .
4	  WASHINGTON — Geological visits to monitor volcanoes in Alaska have been scaled back. The defense secretary is traveling to Afghanistan two times a year instead of the usual four. For the first time in nearly three decades, NASA pulled out of the National Space Symposium, in Colorado Springs, even though representatives from France, Germany and China all made the trip.Five months after gridlock in Washington triggered the deep spending cuts known as sequestration, much of the United States government is grounded.
4	  WASHINGTON — A military judge has reached a verdict and will announce it Tuesday afternoon in the high-profile court-martial of Pfc. Bradley Manning, the former Army intelligence analyst whose release of some,000 secret documents to WikiLeaks opened a window into American military and diplomatic activities .The judge, Col. Denise Lind, will read the verdict from the bench at 1 p.m. at Fort Meade, Md., the army said in a statement.
2	 The contract agreement that the New York Philharmonic reached with its musicians last week will keep the music playing at Avery Fisher Hall and spare the city from the kind of bitter labor unrest that has set off damaging strikes and lockouts at other orchestras.But it leaves both the players and management facing real challenges.While the deal calls for the musicians to receive modest raises — which will increase their salaries by.
3	  The Defense Department on Tuesday announced an agreement in principle to buy 71 more F-35 fighter jets from Lockheed Martin at somewhat lower prices than last year. Pentagon officials said they would pay 4 percent less for 36 of the radar-evading jets under the new orders and 8 percent less than last year's price for the other.People briefed on the latest deal, which includes ancillary equipment, said it was worth more than $7 billion.
1	 Science of Nostalgia: It was first thought to be a  neurological disease of essentially demonic cause,  but it turns out that nostalgia is good for your brain. And there's science to prove it. SOUTHAMPTON, England — Not long after moving to the University of Southampton, Constantine Sedikides had lunch with a colleague in the psychology department and described some unusual symptoms he'd been feeling.
0	  SEATTLE — Mariners manager Eric Wedge sustained what the club called a  very mild stroke,  but he was released from the hospital on Wednesday and is expected to make a full recovery .The 45-year-old Wedge was hospitalized Monday when he complained about light-headedness during batting practice .He missed the entire three-game series against Cleveland, but after a battery of tests was sent home from the hospital Wednesday afternoon, the Mariners said in a statement. We are happy to announce that Eric Wedge has been released from the hospital,  the statement said.
2	 This week the first new music in almost 40 years will arrive from Shuggie Otis, one of the more enigmatic figures in pop music history. The album,  Wings of Love  (Epic/Legacy, with 14 previously unreleased tracks, is being packaged alongside a reissue of his previous and most celebrated recording,  Inspiration Information,  from.In the years between these records his ethereal, psychedelic-tinged funk influenced artists like Prince and D'Angelo and has been sampled by OutKast and Beyonc.
4	  WASHINGTON — Few players in the Republican Party's internal melodrama better embody the tension between the party's establishment and anti-establishment factions than Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the minority leader.Mr. McConnell, a 27-year veteran of the Senate, is fighting two simultaneous battles against the Tea Party and its allies. At home in Kentucky, he faces a primary challenge from the right by a wealthy Louisville businessman, Matt Bevin. And in the Senate conference he leads, he has had to contend with a rebellious group of new senators like Ted Cruz of Texas .In an interview late last week, Mr.
4	  INDIANAPOLIS — Dominated by Republicans and steeped in traditional values, Indiana seemed among the least likely places to become a battleground in the nation's debate over same-sex marriage when the legislature overwhelmingly chose in 2011 to push forward a state constitutional amendment barring gay couples from marrying.But in the two years since, the landscape has shifted as voters, lawmakers and courts began recognizing same-sex marriage in places like Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey and New Mexico and as the United States Supreme Court declared parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional.
4	  SAN DIEGO — A Navy criminal investigator admitted Tuesday that he provided more than 100 pages of secret investigative files to a Malaysian contractor in exchange for prostitutes, cash and luxury travel, the first conviction in a ship- supply case involving high-ranking Navy officials .The investigator, John B. Beliveau II, pleaded guilty before Jan Adler, a federal magistrate judge, to charges of conspiracy to commit bribery and bribery.According to his plea agreement, Mr. Beliveau for more than two years until September regularly searched confidential Navy Criminal Investigative Service databases to provide information to the contractor, Leonard Glenn Francis.
0	 A special Mass at a Roman Catholic church on Sunday in Jacksonville, Fla., was planned as a remembrance for Ryan Freel, a former major leaguer who committed suicide nearly one year ago at. It became more than that, however, after Freel's family had learned four days earlier of a factor that might have precipitated his death on Dec. 22, 2012.An examination of his brain tissue by medical researchers at Boston University concluded that severe symptoms plaguing Freel, who played baseball with abandon, could be traced to collisions involving his head.
1	 Your parents may have had to walk uphill, both ways, to get to school. But as ideological warfare threatens the teaching of climate science and evolution in many schools, it is clear that today's students face their own obstacles on the road to a respectable science education — and some are speaking out.For his high school senior project, Zack Kopplin started a campaign to repeal the Louisiana Science Education Act, a 2008 law passed in his home state that opens a  back door  to teaching creationism in public schools, he says.
4	  WASHINGTON — Organizing for Action, the political group that grew out of President Obama's successful re- election campaign machinery, will jump into the immigration debate this week with an aggressive online effort to highlight the personal stories of immigrants.The group has collected,000 stories from supporters, some of whom entered the country illegally or were brought as young children by their parents. Organizers say they will distribute the stories using Twitter, Facebook and blogs beginning this week.
3	 The stock market climbed back into record territory on Wednesday after Macy's gave an optimistic forecast for holiday sales .Macy's shares surged.4 percent, leading strong gains among retailers including J. C. Penney, Nordstrom and Target.The shopping season can account for as much as 40 percent of retailers' annual revenue, and it gives investors an indication of where consumer spending is heading. When the consumer starts spending, it's pretty much a rising tide,  said Ron Florance, deputy chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank . The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose .31 points, or.
3	 Midway through an ambitious 10-year plan to become the world's largest automaker, Volkswagen has hit a rough patch in the United States, with sales stagnating this year even as the rest of the industry has surged.On Thursday, Volkswagen made a change, with the resignation of Jonathan Browning as the chief executive of the Volkswagen Group of America. He will be replaced by Michael Horn, 51, a company stalwart who has been head of its global aftersales division, which manages warranties and repairs.The company said Mr. Browning, 54, left for personal reasons.
3	 Despite a disappointing jobs report on Friday that raised fresh questions about the nation's economic strength, analysts say they still believe the Federal Reserve will start pulling back on its stimulus program in a few weeks. The Labor Department's snapshot of the job market in August had several discouraging details underneath a relatively mundane headline number, which showed the economy added an estimated,000 jobs . Perhaps the most striking was a plunge in the share of Americans who are either working or looking for work, which fell to its lowest level since.
3	 A California judge has opened the door for the American International Group to pursue a fraud claim of more than $7 billion against Bank of America for losses it suffered on mortgage securities sold under duress after the federal government rescued A.I.G. in.The ruling, issued late Monday, is a setback for Bank of America, which has been trying to rid itself of numerous legal claims from investors who bought mortgage securities issued by the bank's Countrywide Financial and Merrill Lynch units. In the California case, in which A.I.G.
4	 As Washington and much of the rest of the nation debate whether President Obama misled Americans when he said that people who like their health plans may keep them, tens of millions of people are finding that their insurance is largely unchanged by the new health care law.They are the estimated 149 million people who receive health insurance through an employer, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . While the law has required adjustments to those plans and some prices could rise, generally people who keep their jobs may keep the same coverage . Some exceptions exist.
2	 In, Miley Cyrus wagged her tongue and set tongues wagging. Thanks to a handful of steamy videos, some outrageous wardrobe choices and an erotic comedic performance at the MTV Video Music Awards, Ms. Cyrus took the warp-speed path from directionless ex-child star (as the Disney Channel's Hannah Montana ) to the most directional of pop stars, sliding easily into the role of pop's enfant terrible. Her album  Bangerz  (RCA) — for which she'll begin touring in February — was notable for its risk-taking attitude in a year when her competition played it frustratingly smooth.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Marian Hossa scored the tiebreaking goal early in the third period, and the Chicago Blackhawks moved to the doorstep of the Stanley Cup finals with a 3-2 victory over the Los Angeles Kings on Thursday night in Game 4 of the Western Conference finals. Patrick Kane tapped home the tying goal as Chicago rallied from a second-period deficit to snap the Kings' 15- game home winning streak, which dated to March. Bryan Bickell had a goal and an assist for top-seeded Chicago, which took a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series.
3	 Air accident investigators in London said on Saturday that a fire inside a parked Boeing 787 Dreamliner on Friday did not appear to be caused by any problems with the plane's lithium-ion batteries .That finding was a relief to Boeing and the 13 airlines that own the planes, which were grounded for four months worldwide this year after two episodes involving fire or smoke from the batteries .
1	 NEW YORK (AP) — Here's a test of your dinosaur knowledge: Did Tyrannosaurus rex stand upright, with its tail on the ground?The answer: No. But a lot of young people seem to think so, and the authors of a study are blaming toys like Barney and other pop influences for that misconception.Scientists used to think T. rex stood tall, but they abandoned that idea decades ago . Now, the ferocious dinosaur is depicted in a bird-like posture, tail in the air and head pitched forward of its two massive legs.The change led major museums to update their T.
3	 With the technologically advanced, Boeing offered airlines big fuel savings and better comfort for passengers. It also promised something else: the ability to reach just about any airport on the globe without having to stop.Boeing designed the jet to fly 330 minutes — five-and-a-half hours — from the nearest airport at any point on its routes, a feature that would allow extended flights over water or deserted regions like the North Pole . That held tremendous appeal for airlines, which often must stay within three hours of emergency landing spots, and Boeing estimated that 450 new routes would be created.
3	 NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) — BP can proceed with its appeal of the way a court-appointed administrator apportions payments for claims related to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill, some of which BP has called  absurd,  according to a federal judge's ruling on Friday.Federal District Judge Carl Barbier said he found no reason to reverse his decision last month to uphold the payout process. BP had protested payouts including $21 million for a Louisiana rice mill 40 miles from the coast, which earned more revenue in 2010 than in any of the previous three years.
3	  WASHINGTON — The boom in oil from shale formations in recent years has generated a lot of discussion that the United States could eventually return to energy self-sufficiency, but according to a report released Tuesday by the International Energy Agency, production of such oil in the United States and worldwide will provide only a temporary respite from reliance on the Middle East .
4	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — A woman who was critically wounded in the Santa Monica shooting spree died Sunday, bringing the number of the gunman's victims to five.The woman, Marcela Franco, 26, died at U.C.L.A. Medical Center, according to a Santa Monica College spokeswoman.Ms. Franco was a passenger in a Ford Explorer driven by her father, Carlos Navarro Franco, 68, a campus groundskeeper who also was killed in Friday's attack . They were going to the college to buy textbooks for classes that Ms. Franco was enrolled in for the summer, Chui L.
0	 The most accomplished senior class in the history of women's basketball at St . John's suffered an agonizing end by falling to Dayton, 96-90 in double overtime, in a first-round N.C.A.A. tournament game at Carnesecca Arena.A group that earned at-large berths in all four years, which lifted the Red Storm to singular heights by reaching the Round of 16 last season, clawed its way back from a 10- point deficit Sunday in the final 4 minutes 19 seconds of regulation only to reach down for more toward the end of the 50-minute marathon and find that nothing was left.
0	 It can happen in Durham, N.C., where members of the 1992 national championship team, like Christian Laettner and Grant Hill, come around campus in the summer. Mason Plumlee loves hitting them up for stories about March, 1992, the East Region final, when Laettner hit perhaps the most memorable winning shot in college basketball history, guaranteeing that the Kentucky fans who already hated him would never forgive him.But that, Plumlee said, was not what most of them wanted to talk about.  They talk more about the celebration,  said Plumlee, a senior, blushing at details he declined to reveal .
0	  CALGARY, Alberta — Mark Giordano and TJ Brodie each had a goal and an assist to lead to Calgary Flames to a 4-1 victory over the Phoenix Coyotes on Wednesday.Giordano's goal extended the Flames' lead to 3-1 at:46 of the second period.On the power play, Giordano's shot from the blue line changed direction off the stick of Antoine Vermette and eluded goaltender Thomas Greiss. Calgary has been without Giordano, its captain, since he broke his ankle Oct. 21 in a win in Los Angeles . At the time, the Flames were. While he was absent, the club struggled going just.
3	 GUANGZHOU, China — This city of 15 million on the Pearl River is the hub of a manufacturing region where factories make everything from T-shirts and shoes to auto parts, tablet computers and solar panels . Many factories are desperate for workers, despite offering double-digit annual pay increases and improved benefits .Wang Zengsong is desperate for a steady job. He has been unemployed for most of the three years since he graduated from a community college here after growing up on a rice farm. Mr.
3	  The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index ended at milestone highs on Friday, as shares posted a third consecutive week of gains when a rise in Google and other technology shares offset a slide in energy stocks .Indexes were flat for much of the session, but managed a late-day surge. On Thursday, the S.& P. 500 broke a five-day streak of new closing highs . Stocks have risen on the Federal Reserve's bond buying and some encouraging corporate earnings, but analysts said the momentum could wane without further positive signs.
2	 Malibu, Calif. — From Shangri-la Studio here you can see the Pacific Ocean just over the fence lapping calmly at Zuma Beach. And this compound is just as Zen, with recording equipment set up in various locations, including an old bus and a spotless white house with all the mirrors removed.But there is no rest at Shangri-la, at least for Kanye West . For several days in late May and early June, he and a rotating group of intimates, collaborators and hangers-on were holed up in service of finishing  Yeezus  (Roc-A-Fella/Def Jam, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee emerged from a classified briefing on Thursday about the leak of top secret surveillance programs and declared that Congress would soon consider legislation to sharply limit the access that private contractors — who operate much of the national security infrastructure — have to the nation's most sensitive intelligence programs.
3	  DETROIT — General Motors said its profit in the fourth quarter increased slightly as continued losses in Europe offset positive results in North America .G.M., the nation's biggest carmaker, said it had net income of $900 million in the quarter, compared with $500 million in the same period a year earlier. Revenue increased to.3 billion, up from $38 billion.The company said strong sales in the surging United States market helped it post a.4 billion pretax profit in North America .
4	  FORT WORTH — Early this month, Wendy Davis, the unknown Texas state senator who rocketed to fame this summer with her 11-hour filibuster to block an anti-abortion bill, met with strategists of the Democratic Governors Association at their K Street offices in Washington . They were urging her to run for governor next year, even though Texas is not among their realistic targets for flipping a Republican -held executive mansion .All around Ms. Davis, people are encouraging her to get in the governor's race. Whether she can win seems beside the point.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama offered measured support on Tuesday for the F.B.I. 's handling of a tip from Russian intelligence about one of the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings but said his administration would  review every step that was taken  to see if more could have been done to prevent the attack . Based on what I've seen so far, the F.B.I. performed its duties. Department of Homeland Security did what it was supposed to be doing,  Mr. Obama said at a White House news conference .  But this is hard stuff.
0	 (Reuters) - Bryce Harper made light of a month-long absence by belting a home run and Jordan Zimmermann grabbed his 12th win of the season as the Washington Nationals eased to a 10-5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday.Harper had missed 31 games with an injured left knee but the 20-year-old returned in style with a homer in his first at-bat to put the Nationals on course for the win and draw a curtain call from his home fans .
2	 We want to see him walking down the streetsAfter the bomb-sniffing dogs checked out the arena, after the band walked past the protesters with their placards, after the sound check and the opening numbers of the 1987  Graceland  tour through Europe and the United States, when the audience was on its feet, dancing and singing — somewhere about midway through one of those first astonishing shows — Hugh Masekela approached the microphone and sang the opening lines of his song  Bring Him Back Home.
1	 On Sunday in the eastern United States, the sun will rise with a large bite taken out of it by the moon — a partial eclipse at dawn.Early risers as far west as Pittsburgh and Atlanta — at least those with an unobstructed view of the eastern horizon — can observe the rare crescent sunrise. The view will be more impressive for those farther east. In New York City, sunrise is at:29 a.m. (standard time; clocks should have been set back an hour.
2	 Encountering Steve Martin at a party can be an uncertain proposition. Maybe you'll end up talking to him about developments in art, politics or the weather . Or maybe he'll ask if you want to add lyrics to some banjo tunes he's been playing around with, an invitation that leads to your making a record together and solidifies a creative union between the two of you.That may sound like the more unlikely outcome, but it is in fact how Edie Brickell, the singer-songwriter, ended up working with Mr.
0	  WIMBLEDON, England — The reporter sitting next to me said he loved the All England Lawn Tennis Club on days like Friday.In three days, the narrow walkways will be crammed with people. In three days, all the courts will be buzzing with the best players in the world. In three days, there won't be an empty spot to be had on the benches that were marked with signs reading,  Wet Varnish. Yes, Friday was about putting the finishing touches on the place.
0	 They headed to Radio City Music Hall in Manhattan last year bearing posters labeled  Hope,  with the face of the president of the United States replaced by that of a quarterback — a cluster of fans who would start chanting Robert Griffin III's name well before the Washington Redskins were even on the clock.They got their man, right after the Indianapolis Colts selected Andrew Luck, who had been the subject of so much ardor that there had been campaigns from Miami to Minnesota in which fans urged their teams to lose games so they could draft him.
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — Shanshan Feng will have to wait a day to begin defense of her LPGA Championship title .A steady rain punctuated by heavy downpours and an occasional bolt of lightning forced the postponement of Thursday's first round at Locust Hill Country Club . The LPGA's second major of the year now will begin Friday morning, the second round will be staged Saturday, and the players will attempt to complete 36 holes on Sunday. The problem became the golf course,  said Sue Witters, director of tournament competition for the LPGA.  We had numerous greens under water, fairways puddling.
3	 PARIS — The last car rolled off the assembly line at PSA Peugeot Citro ën's factory in Aulnay-sous-Bois on Friday, marking the end of four decades of production at the auto plant on the outskirts of the French capital .Faced with a shrinking domestic market and burning through cash, Peugeot is shutting the plant at a cost of,000 jobs, part of a restructuring plan meant to save.5 billion euros, or.1 billion, by next year.
2	 ALDEBURGH, England — By general consent, Benjamin Britten was a great composer but a complex human being whose one-on-one relationships could be difficult. But he was good with children, he believed in community and he flourished in the haven of his small-town home of Aldeburgh on England's Suffolk coast.So when the centenary of his birth fell last weekend — a major event in Britain — it was only right that the celebrations focused on that corner of the world.
1	 More than 50 Nobel laureates are urging Congress to spare the federal science establishment from the looming budget cuts known as the sequester, saying that research has endured years of budget reductions and that additional cuts could endanger  the innovation engine that is essential to our economy . The open letter was written by Burton Richter, a 1976 Nobel laureate in physics at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in California, and organized by the Federation of American Scientists, a private group in Washington . The group is making the letter public on Wednesday.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union 's top economic policy chiefs, invoking new oversight tools, warned Germany, France and 14 other member countries on Wednesday to address problems with their economies . By virtue of their size in the European economy, Germany and France have a special responsibility to contribute to the recovery in the rest of the euro area,  said José Manuel Barroso, president of the European Commission .The verdicts form part of a series of policy recommendations in 11 areas, from employment to public finances .
3	  RIO DE JANEIRO — Chevron signed an accord on Friday with prosecutors in Brazil that could lead to the end of civil lawsuits seeking.5 billion in damages for a November 2011 oil spill, the company's lawyer in Brazil said.The agreement includes about 300 million reais (about $130 million ) in compensatory actions for the,600-barrel spill in the ocean northeast of Rio de Janeiro . Of the total, 95 million reais are for social and environmental projects, the company said.
2	 As the director of the Rockettes, Linda Haberman knew it was time to leave Santa behind. As she put it,  Christmas is kind of a safe place to live. Comfort zones have never interested Ms. Haberman. Beginning on March, she will unveil  Heart & Lights,  the Rockettes' first spring production at Radio City Music Hall since. Playing for 59 performances, it will have nothing to do with the Music Hall's previous Easter spectacles. In the new show, Ms.
4	  PHOENIX — A longtime homicide detective on assignment with Arizona's child welfare agency noticed an unfamiliar notation — N.I., for not investigated — as he examined a file containing allegations of sibling-on-sibling sexual abuse . When he encountered the notation again, on a file listing accusations that a father burned his son with an iron, the detective began asking questions.In all, a review of the agency uncovered,554 such files, all wrongfully shelved before any type of investigation was started, out of malice or neglect by whoever handled them, officials said.
0	  ST . ANDREWS, Scotland — The storm passed through Friday morning, leaving puddles in its wake. The wind arrived later and tilted the Old Course in favor of the early starters. Inbee Park, who played in the afternoon in the toughest of the conditions, managed to identify the rainbow even as the clouds rolled in and darkened her path to history.Park, who is trying to become the first professional golfer, male or female, to win four majors in the same calendar year, posted a one-over-par 73 at the Women's British Open for a 36- hole total of two-under.
1	  WASHINGTON — The governor of Nebraska on Tuesday approved a revised route through the state for the Keystone XL pipeline, setting up a decision for President Obama that pipeline opponents say will be a crucial test of his intentions on climate change . Gov . Dave Heineman, reversing an earlier position and brushing aside vocal opposition from some citizen groups, said the pipeline could be built and operated safely and would bring thousands of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars in new revenue to Nebraska .The decision came a day after Mr.
0	  FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — Rex Ryan has been burdened with turnover-prone quarterbacks during his tenure as the Jets ' coach, and he has handled them with incredible patience. Only once, after the Week 15 mess in Tennessee last year, has he benched the starter.The performance that night by Mark Sanchez — and others like it — encouraged the Jets a few months later to draft Geno Smith, who is honoring his predecessor by testing Ryan's capacity for tolerance. Through the first 10 games of his rookie season of, Sanchez threw 16 interceptions and lost three fumbles.
4	 OSSINING, N.Y. — One morning last summer, Connie Knapp got a phone call from her minister. Several days earlier, the Supreme Court had handed down a ruling fortifying the movement for same-sex marriage . Her pastor, the Rev. Chip Low, had a feeling that Ms. Knapp and her partner, Anne Corey, might want to have a wedding.For going on 30 years, since they had met in a running club and fallen in love over spaghetti with clam sauce at a Chelsea diner, Ms. Knapp and Ms. Corey had considered themselves a couple.
0	 PARIS — Girondins Bordeaux's Cheick Diabate struck a last-gasp winner to snatch a deserved 3-2 victory over battling Evian Thonon Gaillard in an entertaining French Cup final at the Stade de France on Friday.Diabate struck in the 89th minute having opened the scoring in the 39th before missing a penalty shortly after the break as Bordeaux lifted their first French Cup since 1987 and claimed a place in next season's Europa League group stage. Evian equalised through Yannick Sagbo in the 51 st, only for Henri Saivet to put Bordeaux ahead again three minutes later.
2	 The superb violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter is back in town this week, and celebration is on her agenda. On Tuesday night, she will join the New York Philharmonic to herald her new Deutsche Grammophon CD, a red-blooded account of Dvorak's rich, robust Violin Concerto. Manfred Honeck, who conducts the Berlin Philharmonic on the disc, will also direct her Philharmonic rendition of the work, presented alongside Dvorak's  Carnival  Overture and  New World  Symphony. (7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center, 212-875-5656, nyphil.org.)On Saturday night, Ms.
3	 LONDON — Cuadrilla Resources, a British shale gas company, has suspended drilling activity at its site in Balcombe, the village south of London that has become a focus of protests against Britain's efforts to develop a shale gas industry.Although the company is drilling for oil, not gas, at Balcombe, its activities there have become symbolic of the shale-gas effort in Britain because Cuadrilla has been in the forefront of shale gas exploration in northwest England . The company attracted the wrong sort of attention in 2011 when early efforts to hydraulically fracture a well in Lancashire set off minor earthquakes.
2	 In the continuing sitcom that is popular music — and also in real life — Sting and Paul Simon once lived in the same building on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, they recalled in a recent telephone conversation . For 20 years, this guy would be borrowing things all the time,  Sting said, in a tone of mocking complaint.  Then I heard he was a songwriter. Mr. Simon responded with similar facetiousness,  As soon as he got a chance, he moved up, hierarchically, into more elite buildings.
1	 Scientists have discovered still another trick in the portfolio of brood parasites — the birds that deceitfully lay their eggs in the nests of other species, that way increasing their own numbers by duping other mothers into raising their young.A new study reports that one parasitic species, the cuckoo finch, lays multiple eggs in the same nest, giving it a better chance of fooling a host mother. If she were confronted with just one finch egg, she might be able to identify it as parasitic and throw it out.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — For Gov . Rick Perry, the longest-serving Texas governor, three four-year terms apparently may be enough. Or not.Mr. Perry has sent an e-mail message to friends that he plans to make an announcement concerning his  exciting future plans  at an event in San Antonio on Monday. He has played his decision on whether to seek a fourth term in 2014 close to the vest, and it remained unclear Tuesday among political analysts and Mr. Perry's former aides whether he had decided to run for re- election .
0	  FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — When asked about players who are no longer with the New England Patriots, Coach Bill Belichick usually says he will discuss only the names on his roster.Until Wednesday, Belichick had not spoken publicly about the arrest of Aaron Hernandez, a former Patriots tight end, on a first- degree murder charge last month. But the start of training camp presented an opportunity to address the Hernandez case, which has stunned the N.F.L. and shaken up the Patriot organization.
3	  Southwest Airlines said it had agreed to buy 12 takeoff and landing slots at New York's La Guardia Airport from American Airlines as part of the merger settlement reached between American Airlines, US Airways and the Justice Department .In addition, Southwest said it had also gained permanent control of 10 takeoff and landing slots that it was leasing from American Airlines at La Guardia, expanding its foothold in one of the nation's busiest travel markets . Details of the transaction were not disclosed.Southwest said it would begin the new service from the airport in May.
0	 NEW YORK — China's Li Na has waited a year for another crack at Britain's Laura Robson and got her wish on Wednesday as their second-round victories set up a third round U.S. Open showdown. Robson, 19, eliminated Li in the third round at Flushing Meadows last year.The fifth-seeded Li beat Sweden's Sofia Arvidsson 6-2 6-2 on Arthur Ashe Stadium court and Robson, seeded 30th, advanced with a 6-4 7-6 victory over Caroline Garcia of France, winning the second-set tiebreak. After last year I think both players improved a lot.
4	 The speed and deadliness of recent high-profile shootings have prompted police departments to recommend fleeing, hiding or fighting in the event of a mass attack, instead of remaining passive and waiting for help.The shift represents a  sea change,  said Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, which recently held a meeting in Washington to discuss shootings like those in Newtown, Conn., and Aurora, Colo.The traditional advice to the public has been  don't get involved, call,  Mr.
3	 The UnitedHealth Group 's third-quarter earnings inched up 1 percent in a performance that failed to top Wall Street expectations.The company, the nation's largest health insurer, was also unable to soothe investors on Thursday, narrowing its 2013 forecast instead of raising it. Investors who sent the stock to a high last month pushed the shares down on Thursday in a slide that started well before markets opened.The insurer, based in Minnetonka, Minn., said that funding cuts in Medicare Advantage reduced earnings and contributed to a 13 percent increase in its medical costs during the quarter.
4	  PHOENIX — Members of a white supremacy group descended on a home here 11 years ago to scare a man into paying back the $200 his roommate had accused him of stealing. The attack ended in the man's death.Three of the four people who were eventually arrested brokered plea deals, avoiding a trial. The roommate, Jessica Nelson, 37, who instigated the beating, and a skinhead recruit named Jeremy Johnson, 30, who pummeled the man, Mark Mathes, with a baseball bat, could be out of prison in four years. Sean Gaines, who shot Mr.
4	 OXON HILL, Md. — The largest annual gathering of Republican activists began here Thursday with appearances by rival presidential hopefuls offering their party starkly different paths back to prominence — and diagnoses of what ails it — after last fall's demoralizing losses. We don't need any new ideas,  Senator Marco Rubio of Florida told a room packed with cheering grass-roots activists, anticipating what he predicted would be liberal critiques of his remarks.  The idea is called America, and it still works. Speaking immediately after him, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky declared,  The G.O.P.
0	 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Friday upheld the felony conviction of baseball home run king Barry Bonds for obstruction of justice over his testimony to a grand jury probing the sale of steroids .The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the former San Francisco Giants slugger had been  evasive and misleading  when he told grand jurors in 2003 about his childhood in response to a question about whether his former trainer, Greg Anderson, had given him self-injectable substances.
3	 THIS has not been a good recovery for the wealthy countries . Growth has lagged, in part, because government spending has been far more restrained than in past recoveries from major recessions .But developing economies have been free to increase government spending, and their economies are generally growing more rapidly than they did after past recessions . The accompanying charts, based on data released this week by the International Monetary Fund in the semiannual World Economic Outlook, show the stark differences in performance.
2	 The Vienna Philharmonic will give seven concerts at Carnegie Hall next season, including unstaged performances of Berg's  Wozzeck  and Richard Strauss's  Salome  in the guise of the orchestra of the Vienna State Opera, Carnegie officials said on Thursday.The orchestra will serve as the centerpiece of Carnegie's latest festival, Vienna: City of Dreams, which will join past themes — among them Berlin, China, Japan, Leonard Bernstein and African-American culture — as subjects of scrutiny on West 57th Street and around the city.Franz Welser-Mö st, Daniele Gatti, Andris Nelsons and Zubin Mehta will conduct the Vienna Philharmonic.
0	 THOUSAND OAKS, California — As Tiger Woods eyes the twilight of a remarkable career, he has his sights on records posted by Jack Nicklaus and Sam Snead and a growing pleasure that his children are starting to understand what he does on the course. World number one Woods, comfortably the greatest player of his generation, has long targeted the 18 major titles claimed by fellow American Nicklaus and the 82 career victories piled up on the PGA Tour by the sweet-swinging Snead.
3	  The Dow Jones industrial average closed above,000 on Thursday, its first daily finish over that threshold, as stocks rose after the government reported encouraging news about the job market .The Dow has been propelled higher this year by a combination of solid corporate earnings, a steadily strengthening economy and easy-money policies from the Federal Reserve .Since the start of the year, the blue-chip index is up.2 percent. If it holds onto those gains, the Dow will have its best year since. The Dow topped,000 in February and,000 in May.
2	 In the latest film from the Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar,  I'm So Excited!,  crisis equals opportunity. The problem that kick-starts the narrative — a serious technical failure on a commercial flight to Mexico City — lets him build comic moments out of chaos and revisit some of the outrageous humor he used in 1980s comedies like  Labyrinth of Passion  and  Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown.  It also gives him the chance to use his signature vibrant, colorful sets to complement his broad comedy .
0	 NEW YORK — If there's a player out there who could possibly test No. 1-seeded Serena Williams in the U.S. Open final, it's her opponent Sunday, No. 2 Victoria Azarenka . Williams, it's worth noting, has lost only four of 70 matches this season, and two of those defeats came against Azarenka, including just last month at a hard- court tuneup.There's one significant switch in circumstances: Those were at smaller tournaments . This time, there's a major championship on the line, and Williams is at her best when the stakes are the biggest. Different energy, different opportunities.
2	 The brand managers at Georgia -Pacific were not about to budge. They agreed that Brawny Man, the plaid-shirted character adorning millions of paper-towel rolls, could come to life and share a moment with Mr. Clean. But their Angel Soft Baby, who had sold countless reams of toilet tissue, could never be displaced from her perch in the clouds.Such concessions were typical of the two years spent negotiating for more than 80 food-industry characters to appear in  Foodfight!,  a computer-animated movie that was announced in 2000 by Threshold Entertainment.
3	 Nearly,000 people have enrolled in health plans through California's online marketplace, at a rate of several thousand a day in November — a sizable increase over a month ago, state officials said on Thursday.Especially encouraging, officials said, was the enrollment of young people, who are considered essential to the success of the Obama administration's health care law.Shortly after the numbers were released, the board of Covered California, the state exchange, voted against going along with a proposal by President Obama to consider renewing previously canceled plans, saying the move would undermine the state marketplace's growing success.
4	 As Washington focuses on what Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr . will propose next week to curb gun violence, gun and ammunition sales are spiking in the rest of the country as people rush to expand their arsenals in advance of any restrictions that might be imposed.People were crowded five deep at the tiny counter of a gun shop near Atlanta, where a pastor from Knoxville, Tenn., was among the customers who showed up in person after the store's Web site halted sales because of low inventory.
4	  WASHINGTON — Michael Froman, a longtime White House economic aide nominated to be President Obama's trade representative, has nearly half a million dollars in a fund based in the Cayman Islands, according to financial documents provided to the Senate Finance Committee .Mr. Froman also received millions of dollars to divest himself from Wall Street investments that rely on a tax loophole that Mr. Obama has sought to close, the documents show.A White House spokesman, Bobby Whithorne, said Mr. Froman did not receive a benefit from that loophole, known as  carried interest.
2	 On Nov. 23, 1963, a Time Lord from the planet Gallifrey landed his blue police box in a British junkyard, and the universe has never been the same. This week, the BBC celebrates the 50th anniversary of  Doctor Who,  ranked as the most successful science-fiction television series by Guinness World Records, as it prepares for the arrival of the Twelfth Doctor (Peter Capaldi) in this year's Christmas special.
1	 Evolutionary biologists have come to recognize humans as a tremendous evolutionary force. In hospitals, we drive the evolution of resistant bacteria by giving patients antibiotics. In the oceans, we drive the evolution of small-bodied fish by catching the big ones.In a new study, a University of Minnesota biologist, Emilie C. Snell-Rood, offers evidence suggesting that we may be driving evolution in a more surprising way. As we alter the places where animals live, we may be fueling the evolution of bigger brains.Dr.
1	 I lay on my back with my teeth clenched and my hands gripping the sides of a hospital bed. A crowd of strangers in white coats filled the tiny room. Waves of pain lapped from my abdomen into my chest as the venom worked its way toward my heart.An experimental antivenin drug was about to be injected into my bloodstream, and while I waited for the needle to go in, I reflected that if anyone in the world was the right person to be bitten by a black widow spider, I was that guy.
2	 It's called  taking silk: the merit-based appointment of a British lawyer as Queen's Counsel, which confers the right to wear a specially designed silk gown in court (and, for ceremonial occasions, an even bigger wig. And in  Silk,  a  Masterpiece Mystery!  series beginning  Sunday night on PBS, Martha Costello, a sharp-witted defense barrister in London portrayed by a crackling Maxine Peake, wants to take silk — badly. Already stretched thin, she strategically overloads on cases that could bolster her reputation and tutors an ambitious if occasionally bumbling pupil (Tom Hughes.
1	 Seated recently in the special collections room at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology library, Anders Fernstedt raced through an imposing set of yellowing articles and correspondence.Several years ago Mr. Fernstedt, an independent Swedish scholar who is studying the work of the 20th-century philosopher Karl Popper and several of his colleagues, would have scratched out notes and set aside documents for photocopying.Now, however, his tool of choice is the high-resolution camera on his iPhone . When he found a document of interest, he quickly snapped a photo and instantly shared his discovery with a colleague working hundreds of miles away. Indeed, Mr.
3	 LONDON — Cyprus, seeking to rebuild its economy after the collapse of its banking industry, will announce on Thursday an agreement with Total, the French oil giant, to develop a plant to liquefy natural gas, the Cypriot energy minister said.Many questions remain, including where the gas would come from, given that Cyprus's own offshore natural gas reserves have yet to be developed — or even fully explored.
3	 Maybe it was the ice sculptures. Or the order to stock slim, European-style men's suits. Or the swagger of a protégé of the mighty Steve Jobs .From the moment Ronald B. Johnson arrived at the Plano, Tex., headquarters of J. C. Penney, some there believed he would not last long. On Monday, the doubters were proved right. After a tumultuous 17 months as chief executive of Penney, Mr. Johnson was pushed out.He blew into Plano a star, a man who helped build the juggernaut Apple Stores .
0	  KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Christian Yelich singled home the go-ahead run with one out in the 10th inning Tuesday night and the Miami Marlins beat the Kansas City Royals 1-0 after a tidy matchup of contrasting starters.Hard-throwing Marlins prodigy Jose Fernandez and wily Royals veteran Bruce Chen each lasted seven innings before handing the scoreless game over to their bullpens.It continued to extra innings before Kansas City reliever Kelvin Herrera (4-6) brushed the jersey of the Marlins' Jake Marisnick with a pitch in the 10th.
1	 Astronomers described it on Wednesday as the first Earth-size planet that seems to be made of the same mixture of rock and iron as Earth, and that orbits a star similar to our sun.But Kepler 78b would not be a pleasant place to visit. It whirls around its parent star, Kepler, at a distance of less than a million miles, and its year — the time it takes to complete one orbit — is just eight and a half hours.
3	  We've confidentially submitted an S-1 to the SEC for a planned IPO. This Tweet does not constitute an offer of any securities for sale. Twitter's tweet on Thursday, saying it had filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to go public. We don't want it to be repealed. We want it to be fixed, fixed, fixed. Terence M. O'Sullivan, president of the Laborers' International Union of North America, talking about President Obama's Affordable Care Act .
2	 As the end of the television season approaches, and odds are laid on the survival of prominent shows like  Smash  and  The Good Wife,  a handful of us are asking: What about  Bunheads?This bittersweet comedy from Amy Sherman-Palladino about life and dance in the California hills lost about 40 percent of its audience over the course of its first season, which ended Feb. 25, and ABC Family has not announced whether it will be renewed.
4	 For at least six years, law enforcement officials working on a counternarcotics program have had routine access, using subpoenas, to an enormous AT&T database that contains the records of decades of Americans' phone calls — parallel to but covering a far longer time than the National Security Agency 's hotly disputed collection of phone call logs.The Hemisphere Project, a partnership between federal and local drug officials and AT&T that has not previously been reported, involves an extremely close association between the government and the telecommunications giant.The government pays AT&T to place its employees in drug-fighting units around the country.
4	  WASHINGTON — The United States government sputtered back to life Thursday after President Obama and Congress ended a 16-day shutdown, reopening tourist spots and clearing the way for federal agencies to deliver services and welcome back hundreds of thousands of furloughed workers.Across the country, the work and play of daily life, stalled for more than two weeks, resumed at federal offices, public parks, research projects and community programs. Museums opened their doors. Federal money for preschool programs started flowing again. Scientists at the South Pole began ramping up their work.
2	 The usual rule is that a ballet's original cast is never surpassed. Though its first dancers may grow better over the years, as they understand the choreography more completely, it was tailor-made to display their particular gifts. Yet there are a number of cases with today's New York City Ballet where older audience members have been asking:  Was it really this good back then? The surest current example of this is George Balanchine's  Duo Concertant, as danced during the company's current four-week season at the David H. Koch Theater by Sterling Hyltin and Robert Fairchild.
1	  WASHINGTON — Imagine a mini-raccoon with a teddy bear face that is so cute it's hard to resist, let alone overlook. But somehow science did — until now.Researchers announced Thursday a rare discovery of a new species of mammal called the olinguito. The reddish-brown animal is about 14- inches long with an equally long tail and weighs about 2 pounds.It belongs to a grouping of large creatures that include dogs, cats and bears .
2	 Each summer in the silver-roofed, Gehry-designed Fisher Center, the Bard Music Festival spotlights one composer. The intense weekend lineups feature well-known and obscure repertory performed by rising and established musicians, as well as panels and talks by scholars. Stravinsky, whose   Rite of Spring   turns 100 this year, is being honored at the festival. Sunday's afternoon lineup includes musicians like the pianist Alessio Bax, and works by Stravinsky, Debussy, Schoenberg, Ravel and Satie.
4	  WASHINGTON — For the second year in a row, the proportion of Americans without health insurance declined in, even though real household income and the poverty rate were not significantly different from their 2011 levels, the Census Bureau reported on Tuesday.In, the bureau said, 15.4 percent of people were uninsured, down from.7 percent in. The number of uninsured people, 48 million, was not statistically different from the estimate of.6 million in.David S. Johnson, the chief of social and economic statistics at the bureau, said that much of the increase in coverage last year was attributable to government programs .
2	 Even before the record business imploded, musicians regularly brainstormed about ways to get their work to potential listeners. But Carla Kihlstedt and Matthias Bossi were feeling more than the usual sense of urgency when they came up with a novel plan, a subscription Web site, Rabbit Rabbit Radio, to distribute new music by their latest band, Rabbit Rabbit. Every other conversation you had with a musician, the gist of it was: 'The business is falling apart. What are we going to do?'   Ms. Kihlstedt said by phone .
3	  LONDON — Britain's Serious Fraud Office said on Monday that it had opened a criminal investigation into accusations of bribery and corruption at Rolls-Royce, the maker of jet engines and other power systems.The government agency, which is responsible for prosecuting large-scale corruption and other crime, is stepping up a long-running inquiry into the company, one of the largest in Britain. The agency had spent about a year weighing the evidence before its director, David Green, decided there were sufficient grounds to begin a criminal investigation .
2	 AUSTIN, TEX. — The Central Presbyterian Church here turns into a concert hall during the annual South By Southwest Music festival, and on a Friday afternoon in mid-March, Natalie Maines of the Dixie Chicks was doing her soundcheck there for a midnight show. It was an early steppingstone for her new solo career, a preview of songs from her debut album,  Mother  (Columbia, which is due for release this week.With  Mother,  Ms.
0	  ST . PETERSBURG, Fla. — The Tampa Bay Rays rode the momentum of a marathon victory to another big win. Desmond Jennings drove in four runs, Alex Cobb took a three- hit shutout into the ninth inning, and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5-1 on Saturday in a matchup of exhausted teams to maintain their lead in the AL wild-card race. We've got to keep things going,  Jennings said.  There's no relaxing or anything like that. Keep finding ways to win games.
0	 The Jackie Robinson I saw in  42  was different than and yet the same as the Jackie Robinson I knew as a baseball writer with the long-deceased Brooklyn Eagle and New York Journal-American.In the film, which opened in theaters Friday, the actor Chadwick Boseman portrayed the Brooklyn Dodgers rookie in, when he was under orders from General Manager Branch Rickey  not to fight back  at the racism that boiled among some teammates, not to mention opponents and fans. As a teenager, I saw that Robinson only from the Ebbets Field grandstand.
4	  The latest New York Times / CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Jan. 11 through Jan. 15 with,110 adults throughout the United States .The sample of land-line telephone exchanges called was randomly selected by a computer from a complete list of more than,000 active residential exchanges across the country. The exchanges were chosen so as to ensure that each region of the country was represented in proportion to its share of all telephone numbers .Within each exchange, random digits were added to form a complete telephone number, thus permitting access to listed and unlisted numbers alike.
3	  HONG KONG — The total debt of local governments in China has soared to nearly $3 trillion as the country's addiction to credit-fueled growth has deepened in recent years, according to the findings of a long-awaited report released on Monday by the central auditing agency.In the report, which is likely to further raise concerns about China's debt problem, the National Audit Office found that local governments across the country had accumulated.89 trillion renminbi, or.95 trillion, worth of debt obligations as of the end of June. That was an increase of.7 percent from December, when local government debt stood at.
3	 CANBERRA — Ford Motor will shut its two Australian plants in October, blaming a strong currency and costs that are hitting manufacturers just as the country looks for other sectors of its economy to cushion the end of a mining boom and an election -year blow to the struggling Labor government .The U.S. automaker's Australian unit will close its engine plant in Geelong and its vehicle assembly plant in Broadmeadows, both in the state of Victoria, with the loss of,200 jobs, Bob Graziano, chief executive of Ford Australia, said Thursday.
3	  WASHINGTON — An audacious plan to lay a multibillion-dollar wind power transmission spine under the seabed from southern Virginia to the New York City area will take a step forward on Tuesday with an announcement of plans for the first leg, a 189-mile segment running from Jersey City to a spot south of Atlantic City .The proposed backbone, first outlined publicly in October, is intended to link future wind farms far offshore, sparing them the expense and regulatory problems of bringing power lines all the way to shore individually, and to move power to land-based sources.
0	  DENVER — Jeff Samardzija pitched effectively into the eighth inning and Anthony Rizzo doubled home the go-ahead run in the seventh, leading the Chicago Cubs past the Colorado Rockies 3-1 Friday night . Alfonso Soriano added a home run, his 17th, and Junior Lake, recalled by Chicago from Triple-A Iowa before the game, had three hits in his major league debut, including a double in his first career at-bat. Darwin Barney drove in an insurance run with a ninth-inning double.
4	 LINCOLN, Neb. — They came to him with hugs and elbow bumps (he rarely shakes hands, wide grins and hearty backslaps. I'm very pleased to see you again,  one man said. I'm excited,  a woman said, leaning in for an embrace.A wave of love greeted Ernie Chambers, Nebraska's legendary state senator, as he resumed his marathon legislative career on Wednesday after having sat out the last four years because of a term limits law that he believes was aimed at him.
3	 LONDON — In a back-to-the-future bet on its energy policy, the British government announced a long-elusive $26 billion deal on Monday to build the first new nuclear power station in Britain since.But in many ways, it is a move that reaches even further back — beyond the deregulatory and privatization policies of Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s, to an earlier time when Britain and many other Western countries did not assume that their national energy needs would be served by market forces .
0	 PARIS — Former England captain David Beckham, who will retire at the end of the season, will skipper French champions Paris St Germain in their final home game, the Ligue 1 club said on Saturday.PSG, who clinched their first French league title since 1994 last weekend, take on already- relegated Brest at the Parc des Princes before travelling to Lorient next Saturday.Beckham, 38, joined PSG in late January and has made only nine appearances in Ligue 1 this season.
3	  WASHINGTON — Wholesalers cut back on restocking in May even as sales rose, indicating that economic growth could pick up later this year as they rebuild their stockpiles.The Commerce Department said on Wednesday that wholesale stockpiles shrank.5 percent in May, the most in 20 months. That followed a.1 percent decline in April, which was revised lower.Sales at the wholesale level increased.6 percent in May and.7 percent in April.A reduction in stockpiles may prompt economists to cut their growth forecasts for the April-June quarter .
3	 ABERDEEN, Scotland — Peter Blake has an American employer, the oil giant Chevron, and his work is global. It is his job to pull together and dispatch billions of dollars' worth of sophisticated undersea equipment needed for oil and natural gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico and offshore from Angola, the Republic of Congo, Indonesia and Australia.So why is Mr.
0	  STANFORD, Calif. — Bashaara Graves tried to keep Chiney Ogwumike off the boards on both ends of the court any way she could to no avail.For a Tennessee team so well accustomed to owning the rebounding advantage against opponents, Ogwumike's dominance on the glass made all the difference in the third-ranked Lady Vols' 76-70 loss to sixth-ranked Stanford on Saturday for Tennessee's first defeat.Ogwumike had 32 points, a season-best 20 rebounds — 11 on the offensive end — and three blocks as Stanford held off a late Tennessee rally.
4	  WASHINGTON — House Republicans on Tuesday staked out what they cast as a middle-ground option in the debate over immigration, pushing an approach that could include legal residency but not a path to citizenship — as their Democratic counterparts favor — for the 11 million illegal immigrants already in the country.
2	 In 1996 a  Don Juan DeMarco -era Johnny Depp went off into the Mojave Desert to make his first, and so far only, feature-length foray into directing. After the weird and wonderful trifecta of   What's Eating Gilbert Grape,    Benny & Joon   and   Ed Wood,  Mr. Depp was cresting the early summit of his career as a movie star . Though notoriously unsuccessful at the box office, Mr.
2	 At a time when President Obama is under attack for appointing so many white men — and so few women — to senior positions in the White House, Hollywood seemed intent Sunday on correcting the imbalance at the Golden Globes .Ricky Gervais took the awards to the edge of puerile bullying three years in a row, but Tina Fey and Amy Poehler brought charm and easy good humor to a ceremony where stars are supposed to relax and have fun.And it was one of the more amusing awards shows because of it.
3	 PARIS — If European policy elites could choose the next head of the European Union's executive arm, Pascal Lamy, the Frenchman who stepped down as head of the World Trade Organization in July, would be near the top of most people's list.Mr. Lamy, 66, was chief of staff to Jacques Delors, the European Commission president who pulled Europe out of the doldrums in the 1980s by tearing down internal barriers to create a single market and paving the way for the euro single currency.Now Mr.
4	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — As Republican leaders gathered here on Thursday to consider how to rebuild their party, President Obama was at the center of the conversation. But the sharp criticism directed at him was replaced by something new: envy over his campaign. The Republican National Committee is reviewing the party's deficiencies, particularly in technology and grass-roots organizing, that contributed to Mitt Romney's sound defeat last year. The excuses and grievances that several top Republicans offered up after the election have been supplanted by pledges to strengthen the party .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration on Friday proposed yet another compromise to address strenuous objections from religious organizations about a policy requiring health insurance plans to provide free contraceptives, but the change did not end the political furor or legal fight over the issue.The proposal could expand the number of groups that do not need to pay directly for birth control coverage, encompassing not only churches and other religious organizations, but also some religiously affiliated hospitals, universities and social service agencies. Health insurance companies would pay for the coverage .
4	 AIKEN, S.C. — The Energy Department began cleaning up an environmental nightmare at the old Savannah River Site nuclear weapons plant here in 1996 and promised a bright future: Within a quarter-century, officials said, they would turn liquid radioactive bomb waste into a solid that could not spill or dissolve.But 17 years later, the department has slowed the work to a pace that makes completion of the cleanup by the projected date of 2023 highly unlikely.
0	  SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson announced to screaming throngs of Kings fans Friday that the deal to sell the NBA franchise to a group led by software tycoon Vivek Ranadive has been signed.The announcement at a City Hall rally brings to an end nearly five months of maneuvering by Johnson to secure a new ownership group, convince the council to commit to building a new downtown arena, and to show the NBA that the capitol city of the most populous state in the nation has the fan base to make the venture successful.
2	 Grammy voters want popular music to have credibility, breadth and a kind of moral weight. But they are also, and always have been, tired of new complications. It's not just that they are behind the curve; they are starting to bet that things really were better in the old days. Simple preference has turned into style. They are perforce becoming antiquarians.They like anthems, stylish anachronisms and drums played by real people. They must have liked.
1	 UNIONTOWN, Pa. — On a muggy Friday afternoon in a strip mall parking lot, as thunder echoed in the Alleghenies and cottonwood seeds floated on the breeze, Lee Stanish, 32, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Colorado Boulder, and Natalie Hull, 24, a lab manager, stepped out of a white van, its hood plastered with dead insects.After a brief conversation with a chain store manager, the two women retrieved a large black container from their van and wheeled it into the bathroom. Ms. Hull opened the faucet and let the cold water run.
1	  BAD NEWS SELLS. If it bleeds, it leads. No news is good news, and good news is no news.Those are the classic rules for the evening broadcasts and the morning papers, based partly on data (ratings and circulation) and partly on the gut instincts of producers and editors . Wars, earthquakes, plagues, floods, fires, sick children, murdered spouses — the more suffering and mayhem, the more coverage .But now that information is being spread and monitored in different ways, researchers are discovering new rules.
2	 When Theo Spielberg decided it was time to get serious about starting a rock group, he only had to look across the hallway of his family's home to find a lead singer . Joined in his bedroom by his sister Sasha, he grabbed his guitar and started plunking out a chord progression he'd been toying with since college, while she sang a pleading and melodic vocal about unspecified desires.
3	 LONDON — ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steel company, reported on Thursday a net loss of $780 million for the second quarter, compared with net income of about $1 billion in the same period a year earlier. The company also reported.7 billion in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, the commonly used metric in the steel industry, a figure that was in line with analysts' consensus forecasts .The company cut its Ebitda forecast for 2013 to.5 billion, from the  above.1 billion  figure given at the time it released its previous results in May.
4	  Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Tuesday that she had asked federal immigration officials to provide her with more information about immigrants being held in solitary confinement at federal facilities. I think solitary confinement should be the exception, not the rule,  she said, adding that detainees are held in solitary for  a variety of reasons,  sometimes because they are considered disruptive and sometimes for their own protection .Ms. Napolitano, who spoke at a breakfast event in Washington hosted by The Christian Science Monitor, said she intended to review policies pertaining to the use of solitary confinement .
4	  WASHINGTON — Restaurant chains like McDonald's want to keep their lucrative tax credit for hiring veterans. Altria, the tobacco giant, wants to cut the corporate tax rate . And Sapphire Energy, a small alternative energy company, is determined to protect a tax incentive it believes could turn algae into a popular motor fuel .
4	  WASHINGTON — A former Navy reservist killed at least 12 people on Monday in a mass shooting at a secure military facility that led the authorities to lock down part of the nation's capital — even after the gunman was killed — in a hunt for two other armed men spotted by video cameras, officials said.But by Monday evening, the federal authorities said they believed the shooting was the act of a lone gunman, identified as Aaron Alexis, 34, who was working for a military subcontractor.The chaos at the facility, the Washington Navy Yard, started just after 8 a.m.
3	  WASHINGTON — Six federal regulatory agencies released a reworked proposal on Wednesday that would require lenders to maintain a stake in the loans they bundle and sell as securities, part of efforts to limit the type of underwriting practices that fed the housing bubble .But the proposal also expanded the range of mortgages that would be exempt from the requirement.The new rules, the latest version of a 2011 proposal, were required under the Dodd-Frank Act of. Mortgages to borrowers who do not have to spend big chunks of their monthly income repaying the debt will be exempt from the requirement.
4	 With a crucial review of Detroit's financial circumstances expected within days and the possibility of a state -appointed financial manager looming, Mayor Dave Bing on Wednesday evening made the case for his city, arguing that Detroit's finances are getting better, bit by bit. The picture is not all doom and gloom,  Mr. Bing said in his annual State of the City address.  Every day there is more hope and possibilities. Like many Detroiters, I, too, am a fighter. We can't, and won't, give up on our city.
4	 A consistent and solid majority of Americans — 63 percent — crossing party and religious lines favors legislation to create a pathway to citizenship for immigrants living in the United States illegally, while only 14 percent support legal residency with no option for citizenship, according a report published Monday by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute .Those surveyed expressed strong support for citizenship for.
2	 THE first-time feature-film director Stacy Sherman was on the edge of her seat in a Los Angeles movie theater, watching   Silver Linings Playbook,  when she received the e-mail she'd been waiting for. Ms. Sherman had been repeatedly checking her BlackBerry in those days leading up to Thanksgiving, and at last she scanned the words:  Sundance,    'Claire's Cambodia'   (the name of her movie ) and, finally,  we are sorry. Ms. Sherman's film, about sisters coping with their father's terminal illness, had been rejected by the nation's pre-eminent independent film festival, and Ms.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — For a typical team, the N.B.A. season is full of undulations, and moods can swing at any time. The Nets went into the All-Star break three weeks ago riding wins over Indiana and Denver and sitting in fourth place in the Eastern Conference .That was then. And while Deron Williams and Joe Johnson have both returned to health, the Nets have lost four of their last five games by an average of more than 8 points.
3	 But the fact is, the minimum wage's anti-poverty powers have been declining steadily for decades. In the late 1960s, a full-time job at minimum wage could almost lift a family of four above the poverty line . By the late '80s, it left them 40 percent below it. That is about where things stand today.Perhaps it is no wonder, then, that the minimum wage is in the spotlight. Low- paid workers across the nation are pressing for a raise. Fast-food workers in particular — many of whom earn little more than the.25 an hour federal minimum — are pushing for.
4	  Senators Exchange Words on Filibusters: Clips of Senators Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell engaging in a tense exchange on Thursday over the rules on filibustering cabinet nominees. WASHINGTON — The Senate on Thursday moved toward imposing historic limits on how the filibuster can be used as Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, set in motion a series of votes on Obama administration nominees that could force a long-festering fight with Republicans to a head.Mr.
0	 ARLINGTON, Texas — Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle had no special message for his team and there was no big celebration after what was a special victory for their long-suffering fans.With their 1-0 victory at Texas on Monday night, the Pirates clinched their first winning season since. But victory No. 82 was really just another step toward their goal of getting into the playoffs. It's going to touch a lot of people on a lot of different levels. We are aware of it,  Hurdle said.
4	  MIAMI — With a softly spoken,  Yes, Your Honor,  George Zimmerman officially waived his right to a pretrial   Stand Your Ground   immunity hearing on Tuesday, choosing instead to lay out his self-defense case before a jury .But Mr. Zimmerman, and Judge Debra S. Nelson of the Seminole County Circuit Court in Sanford, Fla., left open the possibility of conducting the hearing during the trial, a rare occurrence. The case is set to start with jury selection on June 10 in Sanford, where Mr.
4	  DENVER — For a judge who would go on to make same-sex marriage legal in Utah, a deep-red state where streets in the capital are numbered by their distance from the Mormon temple, Robert J. Shelby arrived on the bench with enthusiastic praise from Republican leaders .He had been a combat engineer in the Persian Gulf conflict and was, according to state voter records, a registered Republican . Senator Orrin G . Hatch, a seven-term Utah Republican, recommended him for a federal judgeship, calling him an experienced lawyer  with an unwavering commitment to the law.
2	  It needs more psychic atmosphere,  said Fiona Shaw, the distinguished actress and, as of last month, the director of the Metropolitan Opera's new production of Tchaikovsky's  Eugene Onegin.  She was standing in an aisle in the Met's auditorium during a rehearsal break one recent Friday, staring up at the stage like it was a gifted child having trouble fulfilling its potential.The new  Onegin  was being a bit of a troublesome child itself. Putting on opera is always full of unexpected turns and unpleasant compromises.
2	 FOR the Portuguese architect Eduardo Souto de Moura, the 2011 winner of the Pritzker Prize for architecture, there are two potential responses to the presence of a ruin in a landscape. The first is the default Romantic expression of bittersweet wonder. The second, and more intriguing, is to ask:  What can I do here? What does this suggest to me that I am able to build?  Mr. Souto de Moura is the subject of  Reconversão,  a new film by the Los Angeles filmmaker Thom Andersen, who could be the architect's cinematic doppelgänger.Mr.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Selena Gomez got her start in  Barney & Friends  and became a cherub-cheeked teen idol on   Wizards of Waverly Place,  a Disney Channel series that has its final hurrah on Friday. But Ms. Gomez was not at a trendy hotel here to discuss Disney . (Eye roll: As if.) On her mind was her new movie — a druggy, violent, hypersexualized tale of innocence squashed called  Spring Breakers . That R-rated film, which not-so-coincidentally arrives in theaters on Friday, signals an attempt by Ms.
3	 LONDON — As Big Oil increasingly becomes Big Gas, no major petroleum player may have more at stake in the shift than Royal Dutch Shell .More than any of its rivals, Royal Dutch Shell, which will report its quarterly results on Thursday, is betting its future on the business of bringing natural gas from remote locations like Qatar to energy -hungry destinations like China and Japan .
0	  OMAHA, Neb. — Peter Jacobsen has withdrawn from the U.S. Senior Open in Omaha, Neb., because of heat -related illness.Jacobsen was treated by Omaha Fire and Rescue paramedics after he finished nine holes Thursday. The 2004 U.S. Senior Open champion started his round on the 10th hole at Omaha Country Club and shot a 3-over-par. He didn't require additional medical care .The 59-year-old Jacobsen, who won seven times on the PGA Tour and has two career victories on the Champions Tour, was playing with Barry Lane and Gary Koch. They teed off shortly after:30 a.m.
3	 On the first day that people could buy coverage under the federal health care law last week, the chief executive of Independence Blue Cross in Philadelphia had just learned that his company's plans were the area's least expensive available through the new state exchanges .  We were thrilled,  said Daniel J. Hilferty, the nonprofit insurer's chief executive .A 36-year-old can buy a so-called silver policy — a midrange plan — for $246 a month, not including the federal subsidies that could lower the cost even further. Out-of-pocket costs would vary, depending on the choice of hospital and doctor.
0	 NEWARK — With one notable exception, the Devils sound thrilled to have a labor agreement with the N.H.L., and they are eager to start training camp in a few days, even though it comes four months later than scheduled. Ilya Kovalchuk happens to be the only player balking at returning quickly to New Jersey, and because he is their top scorer, most likely their next captain, and has 13 years left on his $100 million contract, this would seem to be a big deal.Kovalchuk has been playing for SKA in St .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama says prosperity does not trickle down, and a rising tide does not necessarily lift all boats. The conservative policies predicated on those ideas, he maintains, amount to a you're-on-your-own economics, when the country really needs a we're-in-this-together approach: in short, prosperity needs to come from the  middle out  rather than the top down.That is the catchphrase that the White House has settled on to signal both a diagnosis of the problems that have ailed the economy since long before the recession hit and the liberal policies that might act as an antidote.Mr.
4	 When it comes to immigration reform, Senator Ted Cruz has made it abundantly clear what he opposes: giving citizenship to people who broke the law to come here.What has not been as evident is what he supports: legal status for millions of people here already, while making it easier for immigrants to come here through the front door. I have said many times that I want to see common-sense immigration reform pass,  he said.  I think most Americans want to see the problem fixed. But for Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Tuesday painted a dire picture of federal government operations across the United States should automatic budget cuts hit on March: F.B.I. agents furloughed, criminals released, flights delayed, teachers and police officers laid off and parents frantic to find a place for children locked out of day care centers .  Federal prosecutors will have to close cases and let criminals go,  Mr. Obama said, flanked by law enforcement officers at the White House .   Tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids.
3	 LONDON — A potential strike by workers that the logistics company DHL provides to Jaguar Land Rover's factories could threaten to derail the automaker's fast growth .Unite, a big British trade union, said this week that DHL workers in Halewood, where Jaguar Land Rover's best-selling Range Rover Evoque is made, had authorized a strike by an 86 percent vote. DHL staff at the company's two other plants at Solihull and Castle Bromwich in the Midlands had previously voted for action by around 70 percent, according to Ciaran Naidoo, a spokesman for the union.Mr.
3	  BRUSSELS — European antitrust officials on Thursday accused the drug giants Johnson & Johnson and Novartis of colluding to delay the availability of a less expensive generic version of a powerful medication often used to ease severe pain in cancer patients .The case focuses on monthly payments that a Netherlands-based subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson made to Sandoz, a unit of the Swiss company Novartis.
4	 When Gabrielle D. Mee, a wealthy Rhode Island widow, left her $60 million fortune to a powerful Catholic order called the Legion of Christ in, revelations had already begun to surface that its charismatic founder, the Rev. Marcial Maciel Degollado, had molested under-age seminarians and fathered several children.But a niece of Mrs. Mee, Mary Lou Dauray, came to believe that her aunt must have been kept in the dark about Father Maciel's misdeeds, so that her fortune would go to the order. On Friday, thousands of pages of documents in a 2009 lawsuit that Mrs.
2	 For an old soul like Jake Bugg, recording at Sun Studio in Memphis was an ideal fit.  It's got the old asbestos walls and pictures of Johnny Cash up,  Mr. Bugg, the 19-year-old British singer-songwriter, said excitedly of the space that helped give birth to rock 'n' roll in the 1950s.  It's just crazy to think that I was playing my guitar and singing a song in the same spot that all those guys would have been as well, all those years ago . I felt very inspired. As Mr.
0	  LOS ANGELES — When the Diamondbacks and Dodgers get together, it's bound to be close.Six of their seven games this season have been decided by three runs or less, and the latest was even tighter.Willie Bloomquist put Arizona ahead with a bases-loaded, two-run infield single off Los Angeles closer Brandon League in a four-run ninth inning, helping the D-backs rally for a 5-4 victory on Monday night . It's going to come down to the last at-bat against them,  Bloomquist said.  I was just trying to stay up the middle.
2	 At the end of the second movement of Charles Ives's Symphony No. 4 a tender melody suddenly erupts into bawdy cacophony, like a marching band lurching through a carnival fun house.Alan Gilbert, who will conduct the New York Philharmonic in four performances of the work beginning on Wednesday at Avery Fisher Hall, enjoys this moment, he said,  when the second movement goes into overdrive.  It's so crazy and so hysterical that it's amusing,  he added.  How could music sound this way? It's a real organized chaos .
0	 NEW YORK — Andy Murray entered the U.S. Open determined to enjoy every moment but there were times in his second-round triumph over Leonardo Mayer on Friday when all the old frustrations, aggravations and self-admonishment returned.The defending champion dropped a set but still lodged a 7-5 6-1 3-6 6-1 victory over the Argentine slugger, finishing strongly in a typically electrifying atmosphere at a packed Louis Armstrong Stadium .Britain's number three seed has become such a drawcard at Flushing Meadows that the queue for his clash stretched hundreds of meters back to Arthur Ashe Stadium .
4	 The shutdown of many federal operations and activities this week has obscured widespread problems in the opening of insurance exchanges under President Obama's health care law, giving the administration time to work out the kinks, members of both parties say.In a stark contrast, the exchanges — online markets where consumers can shop for insurance — opened on Tuesday as much of the government was closing because of an impasse between Mr. Obama and Congressional Republicans over federal spending .Millions of people were still frustrated Friday when they tried to #GetCovered, as instructed on Twitter by Mr.
4	 TITUSVILLE, Fla. — A screaming comes across the sky. Again and again, all day long.Here at the 36th annual TiCo Warbird Airshow, fighter jets and vintage planes roar and rumble by as viewers ooh, aah, and then walk over to the line of food stands to buy funnel cakes and gyros, corn dogs and root beer floats.The undisputed star, of course, is the Air Force Thunderbirds, whose six-plane precision flying team crisscrosses a perfect sky in ever-changing formations and gives an undiluted thrill to the crowd — at least those who brought earplugs.
3	 Not just anyone can lay claim to the name Borghese, carried by the Italian noble family that has included rulers, philosophers and even a pope. Perhaps not even the Borgheses themselves.The issue over who may use the Borghese history, at least for marketing purposes, is at the center of one of the most contentious lawsuits facing trial in New York courts this summer.On one side of the case is Borghese Inc., a company founded by Princess Marcella Borghese and Revlon in the 1950s, which has developed into a well-known cosmetics brand.Borghese Inc.
4	  SAN ANTONIO — Angela L. Pena brought her family to the Alamo on Saturday. She also brought her black assault rifle, a.223-caliber LWRC M, and had it strapped across her back. Her daughter brought her M&P rifle; her son-in-law carried his.308-caliber Remington R; and her 8-year-old grandson, Sebastian Gonzalez, had his Ruger 10/22 rifle. A rifle on our back is part of our everyday life, just like a cellphone is part of our everyday life,  said Ms. Pena, 48, who manages her husband's dental practice in South Texas .
0	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — Alberto Callaspo hit a three-run homer in Los Angeles' five-run seventh inning, and the Angels beat the White Sox 12-9 on Saturday to end Chicago's four- game winning streak .Callaspo also had a pair of sacrifice flies to give him five RBIs on the day. Mark Trumbo added his 10th homer for Los Angeles, which finished with 17 hits.Robert Coello (1-0) recorded his first major league victory, retiring all five batters he faced and striking out three after relieving Joe Blanton after another ineffective performance.
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — Shaun Marcum, a 31-year-old right-handed starter, has a nerve and circulatory condition that is all but certain to end his season, according to John Ricco, the Mets ' assistant general manager . Marcum this week visited Dr. Robert W. Thompson, a St . Louis-based vascular and nerve specialist, who gave Marcum a diagnosis of thoracic outlet syndrome. The condition involves the compression of nerves or blood vessels around the shoulder and neck area, which among other symptoms can cause numbness in the hands. Marcum has been dealing with shoulder and hand issues for most of the season.
3	  The London Metal Exchange and Goldman Sachs have been named as co-defendants in a class-action lawsuit in the United States charging anticompetitive behavior in aluminum warehousing, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, which owns the London market, said on Sunday. Goldman on Wednesday tried to defuse complaints about waiting times and high prices at its metals warehouses across the world by offering immediate access to aluminum for end users holding metal at its Metro International Trade Services unit.
2	 Most of us have no way of judging how realistically television shows portray the lives of police officers . If you scan Web sites where law enforcement professionals gather to chat, however, you can assemble a list of series that get some grudging praise for being slightly more authentic than the norm:  Adam,   High Incident,   Hill Street Blues,   Homicide,   The Wire  and — many a deskbound cop's favorite —  Barney Miller.
4	 David Blankenhorn, a traditional-marriage advocate and star witness in the Proposition 8 trial in California in, shocked his allies with an Op-Ed article in The New York Times last June announcing that he was quitting the fight against same-sex marriage .  Instead of fighting gay marriage,  Mr. Blankenhorn wrote,  I'd like to help build new coalitions bringing together gays who want to strengthen marriage with straight people who want to do the same. He is about to find out how much support such a coalition can get.On Thursday, Mr.
4	  Voters in some of the nation's most rural areas, long considered a mainstay of small- government sentiments, have mixed views about the role federal policies should play in their lives, according to polling released Tuesday by the Center for Rural Affairs.Surveying more than 800 small-town and countryside residents across the Midwest, the Great Plains and the South, the rural advocacy group found that people were evenly divided about whether Washington should make more effort to strengthen rural communities or whether such involvement  will do more harm than good.
2	 How many scars should line the faces of the undead? How blue (or purple or pale) should their lips and skin be? How much blood is too much blood? These and many other questions can plague filmmakers who tackle the zombie movie genre, and when that zombie movie is also a romantic comedy, the questions get all the more complicated.So goes working on  Warm Bodies,  the film adaptation of Isaac Marion's 2011 novel, which finds the sensitive zombie R (Nicholas Hoult, left) falling for one of the living, Julie (Theresa Palmer. The movie, opening Feb.
4	 GALESBURG, Ill. — President Obama said in an interview that he would evaluate construction of the Keystone XL pipeline on the basis of whether it would significantly contribute carbon to the atmosphere.But he mocked Republicans' arguments that the approval of the pipeline, which would carry oil from Canada to the Gulf Coast, would create many jobs in the United States .  Republicans have said that this would be a big jobs generator,  Mr. Obama said in an interview with The New York Times .  There is no evidence that that's true.
4	  LOS ANGELES — At a memorial service for the federal security official who was killed in a shooting at Los Angeles International Airport, Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr . promised Tuesday that federal officials would work to hold those responsible accountable and to  prevent tragedies like this from happening ever again. The service for Gerardo I. Hernandez, who would have turned 40 a few days after he was killed on Nov. 1, was attended by city and federal officials and hundreds of law enforcement officers . Friends remembered Mr.
3	 A day after the Justice Department filed a lawsuit to block the merger of American Airlines and US Airways, regulators and industry officials continued to wrestle with a central question: What is the best way to protect consumers ?To the Justice Department, a merger between American and US Airways would increase the fares and fees that have been steadily rising.But to the airlines, the merger would lower costs and provide more flexibility for many travelers.
1	 Peter Ostrander, the tireless coordinator and cheerleader for a renowned science and mathematics magnet program at Montgomery Blair High School in Silver Spring, Md., was not satisfied. Over the past few years, the pool of applicants had included nearly as many girls as boys, and the acceptance rate — based largely on test scores and grades — had followed suit.Yet when it came to which of the invitees ended up choosing Blair's magnet option over other offerings in the area, the scales tilted male.
2	 The New Nice Guys of Comedy : In an era when the most celebrated television dramas ask you to identify with often-repellent antiheroes, the new stars of late night are ingratiating nice guys.In one of the signal moments of the greatest talk show in my lifetime,   Late Night With David Letterman,  on NBC, Cher called the host a big jerk.She used harsher language, but that was the idea. What's often forgotten in that 1986 exchange is how quickly Mr. Letterman defused the tension .
2	 The masterly pianist Andras Schiff, admired for his elegant and intelligent artistry, is also an insightful lecturer, as he demonstrated some years ago in a series of lecture-recitals on the 32 Beethoven piano sonatas at Wigmore Hall in London. ( Audio recordings of those talks are available at Wigmore Hall's Web site .) New Yorkers will have a chance to hear Mr. Schiff's engaging commentaries on music when he gives a lecture-recital on Tuesday at the 92nd Street Y. Mr.
2	 PARIS — Growing up in Iran, Golshifteh Farahani was a rebel . She persuaded her classmates to go on strike because their school had no heat, and she lied to her parents so that her sister could spend time with her boyfriend.In a protest against the head scarf at, she shaved her head, taped down her breasts, dressed like a boy and rode a bicycle around Tehran . At, she rejected her parents' wish that she study piano in Vienna and pursued acting instead.
3	  The Dow Jones industrial average rose to its highest close of the year Tuesday, putting it within 1 percent of its record. Stocks gained after two big consumer brands posted impressive quarterly results . The Dow closed up.46 points, or.34 percent, to,018.70 Tuesday. That is 146 points from its record close of,164.53 set in October. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained.42 points, or.16 percent, to,519.43, also close to its record.In a day of quiet trading, stocks were driven higher by the beauty products maker Avon and the luxury clothing and accessories company Michael Kors, whose results impressed investors .
0	  LOS ANGELES — When Mike D'Antoni took over as the Lakers ' coach in November, he felt that he had a big problem. Two of them, actually. He did not think there was any way he could keep Dwight Howard and Pau Gasol on the court at the same time. I was skeptical at first, mainly because Dwight wasn't 100 percent and neither was Pau,  D'Antoni said.  But now, with both of them being close to 100 percent, yeah, they can play together. I probably had a preconceived notion, and it probably wasn't right.
4	 In Colorado, a state of hunters and sportsmen, the Democrats who control state government acted last month not only to expand background checks for gun sales, but also to ban the kind of high-capacity magazines that gunmen have used in recent mass shootings in Newtown, Conn., Aurora, Colo., and Tucson.But in Washington, a federal ban on high-capacity magazines faces long odds, as the Democratic White House has been struggling to get traction on its broad gun agenda even in the Democratic-led Senate .
3	  BRUSSELS — Seeking to end years of acrimony, the European Union has made concessions to the United States to try to gain support for global rules on airline emissions .Under the arrangement, the European Union would pare back its regulations, applying them only to its own airspace. The original plan, which the United States and other countries rejected, would have imposed charges for emissions over an airline's entire route if the flight began or ended in Europe.In exchange, Europe is pushing for a global deal on aviation emissions .
4	 As the defense continued on Monday to roll out witnesses in the George Zimmerman trial, now entering its third week, that question continued to be pivotal.The answer, however, may remain elusive, because the screams were distant and the audio, from a 911 call, was too limited to allow for a scientific opinion in court . The prosecution and the defense have wrangled repeatedly over the issue, which could help determine who the aggressor was in the confrontation that led to the death of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed teenager whom Mr. Zimmerman shot and killed on Feb. 26, 2012. Mr.
3	  STOCKS have made investors money for four years, but they have also made them nervous. Bonds have been a profitable alternative, but prices are so high that there could be risk in this presumed haven, and in any case yields are near record lows .A popular third choice, stocks that pay big dividends, offers elements of both types of assets: growth prospects and regular income that is often higher than that of high-quality bonds . High-yield stocks have been valuable portfolio holdings for many decades. Research by Eugene F. Fama of the University of Chicago and Kenneth R.
4	 Slogans can get in the way of politics. A number of the combatants in the quarrel over Medicaid expansion in Texas regularly tell voters that government should be run more like a business . State officials, starting with Gov . Rick Perry, want the state to stay away from any expansion outlined in the federal Affordable Care Act . They object to creating an entitlement program where none currently exists, because they say they fear it will grow into a money -gobbling monument to big government — socialism, even.
3	 In a sign of the growing mainstream acceptance of products derived from algae, Unilever, the consumer products giant, has agreed to buy large amounts of oil from Solazyme, a start-up that bioengineers algae to produce oils, proteins and complex sugars, executives said Tuesday.Unilever said it would use the oil for its personal care products, which include Dove and Brylcreem.
0	 After an uncharacteristically tumultuous summer, third-seeded Maria Sharapova announced Wednesday night that she was withdrawing from next week's United States Open because of a right shoulder injury. Maria has informed us that she will be unable to compete at the U.S. Open this year due to a right shoulder bursitis and has withdrawn from the tournament,  the tournament director, David Brewer, said in a statement.  We wish her a speedy recovery and look forward to her return to New York next year.  Sharapova later posted on Facebook :  Withdrawing from the U.S.
1	 SIMI VALLEY, Calif. — The sun was barely up at a former Cold War rocket test site when crews in hard hats, neon vests and steel-toe boots collected jars of dirt as part of a massive effort to clean up from a partial nuclear meltdown a half century ago . Parties that inherited the toxic mess face a 2017 deadline to restore the sprawling hilltop complex on the outskirts of Los Angeles to its condition before chemical and radioactive wastes leached into the soil and groundwater .
3	 Boeing achieved a major milestone on Tuesday as the Federal Aviation Administration approved its plan to test fixes for the battery problems that have grounded its 787 jets since mid-January .Boeing's new battery design includes better protection in case a battery overheats. The F.A.A. could still demand changes if problems develop in the laboratory and flight tests . While Boeing hopes to begin fitting its redesigned batteries in the grounded 787 fleet by mid- to late April and resume commercial flights quickly after that, government officials are not sure the process will move that fast.
4	  CHICAGO — With time running out on Illinois's legislative session, State House members on Friday night chose not to call a vote on whether to permit same-sex couples to wed, apparently because supporters of same-sex marriage did not have enough votes to pass the measure in the Democratic-controlled House.The outcome — which, at a minimum, delays the question for months — came as a grave disappointment to supporters, who had hoped to make Illinois the 13th state to permit same-sex marriage . The state has allowed civil unions for same-sex couples since.
0	  PHOENIX — Zack Greinke gave up two hits in seven scoreless innings in his first game against Arizona since last month's bench-clearing brawl and the Los Angeles Dodgers snapped the Diamondbacks' five- game winning streak with a 6-1 victory Monday night .Greinke (7-2) struck out seven and walked two in his fourth straight win . He also had a career-high three hits. Hanley Ramirez singled three times to extend his career-best hitting streak to 19 games and was one of five Dodgers with an RBI.
2	 The new documentary   People's Park   surveys the range of human activity in a bustling urban park in Chengdu, China . People stroll, snack, socialize, practice calligraphy and engage in a wide variety of song and dance, from Chinese opera to pulsing disco. Some ignore the camera; others play to it. The filmmakers, Libbie Dina Cohn and J. P. Sniadecki, are never seen, but their presence is felt, not least because of how they chose to portray the park's myriad denizens and activities : as a literal panorama of leisure and revelry, filmed in one long tracking shot.Mr.
1	 Until recently, the arrow of natural selection seemed to go only one way. A species could form, then it could flourish, then it could go extinct. And once it was extinct, it could not come back.Now, though, some scientists say they see a new path. Maybe we can no longer delay death, but we can reverse it,  said George Church, a Harvard Medical School geneticist.For now, only one extinct subspecies has been brought back, and the baby animal that was born lived just minutes in.
1	 The night watchman of the future is five feet tall, weighs 300 pounds and looks a lot like R2D2 — without the whimsy. And will work for.25 an hour.A company in California has developed a mobile robot, known as the K5 Autonomous Data Machine, as a safety and security tool for corporations, as well as for schools and neighborhoods. We founded Knightscope after what happened at Sandy Hook,  said William Santana Li, a co-founder of that technology company, now based in Sunnyvale, Calif.  You are never going to have an armed officer in every school.
3	 VERKHNAYA SALDA, Russia — Boeing needs to make its airliners lighter, and for that it needs titanium. And for that lightweight and strong metal, the American aircraft maker comes to this small city in the Ural Mountains.At the Avisma titanium foundry, a once-secret factory that made nuclear missile parts during the cold war, titanium ribs for Boeing airplanes are stacked in piles like lumber. In an annex, a Boeing and Avisma joint venture called Ural Boeing Manufacturing grinds forged parts destined for America. A third of all Boeing jet landing gear assemblies are made with titanium beams from Russia.
3	 FRANKFURT — When Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister and war horse of European politics, celebrated his 70th birthday at a theater in Berlin last September, two of the most powerful women in the world offered warm words in his honor.The other, delivering the keynote speech, was Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund .Ms. Lagarde's presence reflected her close, longtime friendship with Mr. Schäuble . But it also was a confirmation of the enormous stature that Ms. Lagarde and the I.M.F. have acquired in Europe as a result of the euro crisis .The I.M.F.
3	 CHANGSHA, China — The 202-story Sky City project is not the tallest building on the drawing boards around the world. That distinction belongs to the Kingdom Tower, a project in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, that is supposed to be 532 feet taller — the first building to reach a full kilometer.But while work on the Kingdom Tower's foundations is further along than work on Sky City, the Saudi skyscraper is not slated for completion until 2019 — five years after Sky City is to be finished.The much faster building schedule here underlines how different Sky City is from most other skyscraper projects.
3	  DENVER — Two Colorado farmers whose listeria-contaminated cantaloupes killed 33 people pleaded guilty on Tuesday to federal criminal charges stemming from one of the deadliest outbreaks of food-borne illness in the United States . Prosecutors last month charged the brothers, the former owners of Colorado -based Jensen Farms, with six counts each of introducing adulterated food into interstate commerce tied to shipping tainted melons to markets .In May, prosecutors said, the Jensens began washing the farm's cantaloupes with devices used to clean potatoes and failed to use a chlorine spray feature that kills deadly bacteria.
1	 In traditional narratives, Queen Maya Devi, the mother of Buddha, gave birth to him while holding on to a branch of a tree in a garden at Lumbini, in what is now Nepal. Accounts vary as to when this occurred, leaving uncertain the founding century of one of the world's major religions.Until now, archaeological evidence favored a date no earlier than the third century B.C., when the Emperor Asoka promoted the spread of Buddhism through South Asia, leaving a scattering of shrines and inscriptions to the man who became  the enlightened one.
3	  BRUSSELS — In a further blow to the image of the European Union, the 28-nation bloc's audit agency reported Tuesday that irregularities in spending rose sharply last year with more than 6 billion euros disbursed in violation of the rules. The European Court of Auditors, an independent E.U. agency that checks whether budget money has been spent and accounted for properly, said that the so-called   error rate   in spending rose last year to.8 percent from.9 percent, the third successive annual increase.
4	 NORRISTOWN, Pa. — The police had warned Lakisha Briggs: one more altercation at her rented row house here, one more call to, and they would force her landlord to evict her.They could do so under the town's  nuisance property  ordinance, a law intended to protect neighborhoods from seriously disruptive households. Officials can invoke the measure and pressure landlords to act if the police have been called to a rental home three times within four months.So she faced a fearful dilemma, Ms.
0	 NEW YORK — Unless it can be shown that up-tempo offenses lead to more injuries, Texas Tech coach Kliff Kingsbury sees no reason to slow down the game with rule changes.Kingsbury is heading into his first season with the Red Raiders after being Texas A&M's offensive coordinator last season. He has been a part of some of college football's most prolific offenses as a quarterback at Texas Tech under coach Mike Leach from 1998-2002 and as a coach with the Aggies and Houston .Last year, Kingsbury helped A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel win the Heisman Trophy and set numerous Southeastern Conference records.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The United States trade deficit narrowed in March for a second month as the daily flow of imported crude oil dropped to the lowest level in 17 years.The overall trade deficit decreased to.83 billion, an 11 percent drop from.6 billion in February, the Commerce Department reported Thursday .Exports fell.9 percent, to.3 billion as sales of machinery, autos and farm products all declined.Imports fell.8 percent, to.1 billion, led by a.4 percent drop in foreign petroleum . Crude oil imports averaged just seven million barrels a day, the lowest since March.
0	  ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Most neurologists conduct concussion assessments in the safe, beige-walled, soft-elevator-music confines of a medical office. Their patients are not usually fired up on adrenaline, a 100-piece band is not blaring in the background, and tens of thousands of very partisan fans are not standing and screaming during the exam.But that is the juiced-up environment surrounding the neurologists Jeff Kutcher of Michigan and David Kaufman of Michigan State when they make the football sidelines their avant-garde offices on Saturdays.Both doctors will be at Spartan Stadium on Saturday when the in- state rivals play each other.
2	 Tights and point shoes, bunions and tape, a prince and his princess: in dance, certain things always go together. But another kind of pairing, the choreographic duo, hasn't always been so successful. Sol León and Paul Lightfoot of Nederlands Dans Theater are an exception. I think everyone assumes when you work as a choreographer, it's just you,  Ms. León said recently by phone from her home at The Hague, where the company is based.  To work as a duo, everyone thinks, 'Well, that can't really work.'   Ms. León and Mr.
1	  YouTube Videos Unlock Meteor's Secrets : Scientists around the world have been using videos made by Russian citizens and uploaded to YouTube to figure out exactly where the meteor that exploded over Russia on Feb. 15 came from.Using an eclectic mix of crowd-sourced video, information from Google Earth and data from nuclear test -ban sensors, scientists have gotten a much more accurate picture of the small asteroid that exploded near the Russian city of Chelyabinsk last month.But what is most clear is that while Chelyabinsk did not exactly dodge a bullet on Feb.
4	 LAWRENCEVILLE, N.J. — Debbie Schaeffer, the owner of Mrs. G TV and Appliances, probably did not give the answer the two chairmen of Congress's powerful tax-writing committees were looking for when they pressed her this week for ideas on a fairer, simpler tax code :  Get rid of the deductions that don't affect me,  she said.As talk of tax reform caught Washington's attention on Tuesday, the comment by Ms.
2	 For as long as there has been filmed entertainment there have been producers and directors retelling the dramatic stories from the 66 books of the Old and New Testaments. But the cable channel History's coming 10-hour mini-series,  The Bible,  might be the first to include an angel skilled in Chinese martial arts .
2	 John Oliver took over the anchor desk of the mock news program on Comedy Central on Monday, while Mr. Stewart takes a three-month leave to direct a movie . For the hard-core fans who rely on  The Daily Show  as a primary source of news, the change is unsettling in much the way it was for an older generation when Walter Cronkite went on vacation.In his first two days, Mr.
3	  BEIJING — The Chinese government is investigating possible price fixing by foreign companies that produce infant milk powder for Chinese consumers, according to reports this week by the state news media .Targets of the investigation include some of the largest foreign producers, including Nestlé of Switzerland, Danone of France and Mead Johnson Nutrition of the United States . A Danone representative said in an e-mail on Tuesday that Danone was cooperating with the investigation, and representatives of other companies have acknowledged the investigation to various news organizations .
4	 TOPEKA, Kan. — President Obama stood on the steps of the Capitol in Washington on Monday afternoon and laid out an expansive liberal agenda for the nation. Inside the Kansas State Capitol here this week, Gov . Sam Brownback and Republican legislators have been drafting what could be a blueprint for the other side.On Wednesday, lawmakers received a bill to inch the state closer to eliminating income taxes, a centerpiece of a broad legislative vision that many in the Republican Party here hope will serve as a model of conservative governance for other states, if not the nation, to follow.
2	 Usually in Hollywood when a studio and the creator of a television series part ways under a cloud of angry recriminations they never work together again.But then  Community  has never been your usual television show.On Monday, Sony Pictures Television, the studio that produces  Community,  announced the return of that NBC comedy's prodigal creator, Dan Harmon, who will be its show runner for the coming season after being pushed out of the top job a year ago.In a statement Sony said that Mr.
2	 The voice on the phone belonged to Masazumi Chaya, the associate artistic director of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, and he had a startling proposition. Would she — Elizabeth Roxas-Dobrish, 55 years old, former Ailey superstar and current artificial-hip owner — come out of retirement to dance at a special performance on New Year's Eve ?No, he was not kidding, and eventually the answer was yes, she would do it.
4	  PHOENIX — Federal agents arrested 11 managers and supervisors of a local car-washing chain on immigration fraud and other charges in weekend raids that brought in more than 200 people, setting off fear among immigrants already on edge by years of relentless enforcement in a state at the core of the debate over illegal immigration .
3	 CAMPAIGNS for Web sites that offer lodging reservations usually feature colorful characters, perhaps to counter the prosaic, transactional nature of e-commerce. Among them are the Roaming Gnome, for Travelocity; the Negotiator, played by William Shatner, for Priceline; hordes of animated travelers, for Hotels .com; and a man in a crash helmet delivering Price Assurance checks, for Orbitz.A competitive Web site is taking a decidedly different tack as it begins its first image campaign, as part of efforts to raise its brand's profile among American travelers. The campaign, which is to start on Tuesday, promotes Booking.
2	 It's not easy being Skunk. Eleven years old and living in a nondescript circle of middle-class houses in England, she faces a battery of challenges. There's her Type 1 diabetes ; the teenage boy (George Sargeant) who meets her at a junkyard for flattery and flirtation; her au pair's on-and-off boyfriend (Cillian Murphy, who also happens to be Skunk's new teacher; and the family on her block whose mentally impaired son (Robert Emms) has been unfairly accused of molesting a neighborhood girl.
0	  PITTSBURGH — The latest addition by the suddenly splurging Pittsburgh Pirates hustled into the dugout in the sixth inning on Saturday night eager to step into the batter's box against St . Louis if necessary.Take a breath, Justin Morneau . The Pirates — and the pennant race — aren't going anywhere.A.J. Burnett scattered four hits over seven innings, Russell Martin hit a three-run homer and the Pirates beat the Cardinals 7-1 on Saturday night to regain sole possession of the NL Central lead.
1	  WASHINGTON — Efforts to curb global warming have quietly shifted as greenhouse gases inexorably rise.The conversation is no longer solely about how to save the planet by cutting carbon emissions . It's becoming more about how to save ourselves from the warming planet's wild weather .It was Mayor Michael Bloomberg's announcement last week of an ambitious plan to stave off New York City's rising seas with flood gates, levees and more that brought this transition into full focus.After years of losing the fight against rising global emissions of heat -trapping gases, governments around the world are emphasizing what a U.N.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Jeff Locke was a Class A pitcher with a.52 earned run average when the Pittsburgh Pirates acquired him with Charlie Morton from the Atlanta Braves in June. The Pirates traded outfielder Nate McLouth, an All-Star the previous summer, and were roundly criticized. They had earned the doubts.Decades of poor decisions have bred skepticism, but this deal was inspired. McLouth struggled in Atlanta, and now Locke and Morton are starting for a team with a.12 E.R.A., the best in the major leagues through Tuesday.
3	  WASHINGTON — Five years ago, the investment bank Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy . The credit markets seized. The unemployment rate soared. Small and large financial institutions shook, and some fell, as the economy plunged into the deepest recession since the Great Depression .On Sunday, the Obama administration celebrated its successes in combating the recession, while acknowledging the difficulties that remain: while the corporate economy has rebounded strongly, the middle class and its aspirants continue to feel the squeeze of high unemployment and sluggish wage growth .
4	 With the government entering its first day of the shutdown, Republicans and Democrats were beginning to float ideas that they hoped would lead to a compromise. We can work on something, I believe, on the medical device tax,  Senator Richard J . Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democrat, said on CNN .The tax, which helps pay for President Obama's health care overhaul, has been a source of contention in both parties . House Republicans recently included a repeal as part of a larger package of demands that the Senate rejected on Monday.
1	 A comet that once promised to light up the night skies — then all but vanished, and later seemed to blaze back to life — is now fading away, astronomers say. I think for the most part it's dead,  said C. Alex Young, the associate director for science in the heliophysics division at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md.  The folks are finally pretty confident that's the case . En route to its demise, the comet, ISON, has provided one twist after another.
3	  WASHINGTON — Producer prices were flat in July, providing further evidence of very little inflationary pressure in the economy . The Labor Department reported on Wednesday that a drop in natural gas and gasoline costs left its seasonally adjusted producer price index unchanged for the month. Analysts polled by Reuters had expected a.3 percent increase .But the very slight increase in the producer price index outside of the volatile energy and food sector components is likely to attract attention at the Federal Reserve, which has recently noted the risks to the economy from inflation that is too low.
0	  CHICAGO — The top candidate for the Rangers' coaching vacancy, Alain Vigneault, met with General Manager Glen Sather and the club's management staff Monday in La Quinta, Calif. Vigneault coached the Vancouver Canucks for seven seasons until he was fired last month after the Canucks were eliminated in the first round by the San Jose Sharks . Vigneault led the team to six division titles and the 2011 Stanley Cup finals .The Rangers have also received permission to interview Lindy Ruff, who was fired as the Buffalo coach this season, his 15th behind the Sabres' bench.
0	 NEW YORK — LeBron James and the Miami Heat will open the 2013-14 National Basketball Association season at home against the Chicago Bulls, the NBA announced on Tuesday.The two-time defending champions will be presented with their championship rings in South Florida before the game with Chicago, who should have Derrick Rose back from injury, on October.The game is the first leg of a double-header to open the 68th NBA season . The second game will be an all- Los Angeles affair when the Clippers, now under the guidance of Doc Rivers, play the Lakers .
2	 There was a time in the postwar era when John Wayne wasn't merely a brawny block of granite, when his men of action were pocked with character flaws. (James Stewart found his own dark shadows in the same period.) John Ford questioned Wayne's imperious nobility with  The Searchers, but Howard Hawks got there first, with   Red River, playing at the Museum of the Moving Image on Friday as part of its Complete Howard Hawks series.
4	  MIAMI — Compared with many other states, Florida has not been hospitable to the cause of worker rights . Unemployment benefits are among the lowest in the country. The state was the first to dismantle its Department of Labor, and the Republican-dominated State Legislature has been such a staunch defender of business that any pro-worker legislation has little if any chance.But advocates for worker rights have a new strategy: Go local.They have persuaded Florida's two most populous counties to pass ordinances making it easier for workers to recover unpaid wages from employers .
4	 A man who for decades insisted that Chicago police officers tortured him until he confessed to a 1982 rape he did not commit walked out of the Pontiac Correctional Center on Wednesday after 30 years in prison . The release of the man, Stanley Wrice, 59, came a day after a Cook County judge, Richard Walsh, overturned his conviction, saying officers had lied about how they had treated Mr. Wrice. It will be up to a special prosecutor to decide whether to retry him.
2	 William Forsythe's first work,  Urlicht,  was a lyrical, on-point pas de deux, set to a vocal section of Mahler's Second Symphony, full of sustained tension and sculptural fluidity. One of his more recent pieces,  Sider,  is a large-scale ensemble work in which his dancers — some wearing Elizabethan ruffs, others hoods — manipulate large cardboard panels, scrambling and weaving through an unsettling, rule-bound universe, occasionally speaking in a mysterious language of familiar rhythms.But Mr. Forsythe, 63, has never followed a linear line in his artistic evolution.
1	 If you paid for it, you should be able to read it. For publicly financed science research, the Obama administration agrees.In a memorandum issued on Friday, John P. Holdren, science adviser to President Obama, called for scientific papers that report the results of federally financed research to become freely accessible within a year or so after publication. The findings are typically published in scientific journals, many of which are open only to paying subscribers .
1	 Making a case for the need to detect asteroids before they hit Earth, a former astronaut said Wednesday that the number of casualties would have been enormous had the space rock that exploded in Russia last month blown apart directly over New York City instead. We'd have a lot more than broken windows, that's for sure,  the former astronaut, Edward Lu, told a Senate panel in Washington . Dr. Lu, also a former executive at Google, is now the chief executive of the B612 Foundation, a Silicon Valley group that wants to build a privately financed asteroid-detecting space telescope .
3	  DETROIT — General Motors and Chrysler will forever be linked as the two Detroit car companies that needed government bailouts in 2009 to survive.But their comebacks since then have taken different paths, as their third-quarter results showed on Wednesday. General Motors, the largest of the domestic automakers, said that it earned $698 million in the third quarter, a 53 percent drop from the same period a year ago.The results, which were affected by a special charge to repurchase preferred stock, indicate that G.M.
3	  Investigators in the United States and Japan indicated on Tuesday that many questions remained unanswered in their search for the cause of two incidents in which lithium-ion batteries burned on Boeing 787 aircraft .In Washington, the National Transportation Safety Board said on Sunday that the battery on a Japanese plane that suffered a fire at a gate at Logan airport in Boston on Jan. 7 had not been charged beyond its maximum design voltage, 32 volts.
0	 Going into Sunday's game against the Washington Capitals, Henrik Lundqvist had won 44 shootouts, more than any other N.H.L. goalie, and his.765 save percentage was better than that of any goalie who had been in 20 or more shootouts.In other words, Lundqvist has stolen a lot of extra points for the Rangers over the years.But Lundqvist could not steal another point Sunday, even with the fans at Madison Square Garden chanting his name through much of the shootout and even after he recovered from a second-period slap shot that hit him squarely in the mask and left him staggering.
3	 Sales over the Thanksgiving weekend may have been a disappointment for the nation's retailers, but they were a boon for automakers, lifting their sales in the United States for November to the best rate since before the recession .Industrywide auto sales rose .9 percent in November, to.25 million vehicles . At that pace, automakers predicted a seasonally adjusted annual rate of .3 million vehicles sold, the highest since May. The sales pace picked up exponentially at the end of the month,  said Michelle Krebs, a senior analyst with Edmunds.com.
0	  LAS VEGAS — The basketball court at the Mountain West Conference tournament was like no other, impossible to ignore, which is exactly the point. Stained in at least four hues of brown, it featured deep contrasts of arcs and boxes and jags, including a range of snow -capped peaks stretching the length of the floor.It was part backyard deck, part art installation. More than anything, it was a conversation piece. When people look at that, they're going to think mountains,  said Dan Butterly, the Mountain West's senior associate commissioner.  And they're going to think Mountain West .
3	 LONDON — With several big construction projects under way in Britain, the multinational company CH2M Hill spent six months searching for a qualified tunneling engineer.Only a few weeks ago did the company find a candidate, in Portugal. CH2M Hill quickly made plans to bring him north — no visa or work permits were required, thanks to a European Union policy that allows the free flow of labor across the borders of the 27-country bloc .
4	  WASHINGTON — In November, as President-elect Barack Obama began putting together his cabinet, reports emerged that he was considering nominating Penny Pritzker, the billionaire Hyatt Hotels heiress and businesswoman who had served as his chief campaign fund-raiser, as commerce secretary . But faced with awkward questions about her financial dealings, she declared that she did not want the nomination.Last week, however, on Ms. Pritzker's 54th birthday, she stood beside Mr.
4	  DAYTON, Wyo. — Craig Reichert found his son's body on a winter morning, lying on the floor as if he were napping with his great-uncle's pistol under his knee. The 911 dispatcher told him to administer CPR, but Mr. Reichert, who has had emergency training, told her it was too late. His son, Kameron, 17, was already cold to the touch.Guns are like a grandmother's diamonds in the Reichert family, heirlooms that carry memory and tradition. They are used on the occasional hunting trip, but most days they are stored, forgotten, under a bed.
3	 When it snowed in Flagstaff, Ariz., recently, thousands of people woke up and turned up their electric heating, and Arizona Public Service saw electricity demand reach a morning peak. To meet the demand, the company used the previous afternoon's sunshine.In a closely watched new solar project called Solana, the energy is gathered in a three- square-mile patch of desert bulldozed flat near Gila Bend, about 50 miles southwest of Phoenix . A sprawling network of parabolic mirrors focuses the sun's energy on black-painted pipes, which carry the heat to huge tanks of molten salt.
1	 Remember this when your feet start tapping to a catchy tune: Singing and dancing are so deeply intertwined that even birds feel the beat as they sing along.A new study reports that male superb lyrebirds sing and dance at the same time, part of a mating ritual that includes four distinct songs with four unique dances to go along with them.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama's announcement of three nominees to an important federal appeals court on Tuesday is adding fuel to a larger fight on Capitol Hill over whether the minority party in the Senate has too much power to thwart a president's agenda.In a formal Rose Garden ceremony normally reserved for Supreme Court hopefuls and prominent cabinet nominees, Mr. Obama announced plans to fill, at the same time, all three vacancies on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . Republicans quickly objected, saying that Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Until his Twitter adventures under the handle @NatSecWonk ended his career this week, Jofi Joseph embodied all the elements of a Washington clich, down to the security card around his neck. His degree in foreign service was earned at Georgetown, which propelled him to his first job as an analyst in the Congressional Budget Office, the ultimately anonymous D.C. gig.A Harry S. Truman and Rotary International scholar, he clocked his time on Capitol Hill, working for both Senator Bob Casey, the Democrat from Pennsylvania, and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
4	  WASHINGTON — The House on Thursday gave final approval to a renewal of the Violence Against Women Act, sending a bipartisan Senate measure to President Obama after a House plan endorsed by conservatives was defeated.The legislation passed on a vote of 286 to, with 199 Democrats joining 87 Republicans in support of the reauthorization of the landmark 1994 law, which assists victims of domestic and sexual violence . It amounted to a significant victory for the president and Congressional Democrats, who have assailed Republicans for months for stalling the legislation.
0	  DENVER — The simple sight of dirt and grass here Tuesday afternoon was, at least by baseball standards, a fairly extraordinary thing.An overnight snowstorm brought around a foot of snow to downtown Denver, and as few as five hours before Juan Nicasio of the Colorado Rockies threw the first pitch to Jordany Valdespin of the Mets, there was barely a speck of green perceptible around Coors Field.Unlike some sports, baseball is expected to be played on an immaculate surface. The integrity of the game would be compromised otherwise. Every last snowflake, then, needed to be removed.
1	 Test Tube Burger: The Times's Henry Fountain reports on one researcher's quest to show the world that meat doesn't have to come from the farm.MAASTRICHT, the Netherlands — As a gastronomic delicacy, the five-ounce hamburger that Mark Post has painstakingly created here surely will not turn any heads. But Dr. Post is hoping that it will change some minds.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — The Rangers will attempt what no N.H.L. team has ever done: rally from a second straight 2-0 series deficit to advance in the Stanley Cup playoffs . Nevertheless, Coach John Tortorella seems encouraged. I'm very optimistic as far as where we're going as a team,  he said Monday after practice.  I'm looking forward to Game. Tortorella and the Rangers are hoping that Game 3 against the Boston Bruins on Tuesday at Madison Square Garden will be a tonic the way Game 3 was against the Washington Capitals .
4	 The three women held captive in a Cleveland house for a decade before being discovered and released in May spoke publicly for the first time in brief video statements released Monday night .In the video, the women — Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight — thank the people who have provided support since their escape, including those who have donated to a fund that has raised more than $1 million .Ms. Knight, who was kidnapped in August 2002 at age, said the  love, support and donations  of well-wishers had helped her  build a brand new life.
0	  LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Together they won more than,500 games in the major leagues, with 17 pennants and 8 championships across 91 seasons writing out lineup cards. Next summer, Joe Torre, Tony La Russa and Bobby Cox will share a stage in Cooperstown, N.Y.The veterans committee of the Baseball Hall of Fame announced Monday that Torre, La Russa and Cox would be part of its 2014 induction class. The results of the baseball writers' balloting, which could include Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine, Frank Thomas and others, will be announced next month.
1	 Scientists have extracted the entire genome of a,000-year-old Neanderthal from a single toe bone in a Siberian cave, an accomplishment that far outstrips any previous work on Neanderthal genes.The accuracy of the new genome is of similar quality to what scientists would achieve if they were sequencing the DNA of a living person. It's an amazing technical accomplishment,  said Sarah A. Tishkoff, an expert on human evolution at the University of Pennsylvania, who was not involved in the research.  Twenty years ago, I would have thought this would never be possible.
0	 LONDON — There are 270 stations in the subway system here and, on a recent weekend afternoon, many were crowded with a brilliant palette of colored shirts and scarves that seemed to be moving in every direction.Fathers and sons in red headed for Holloway Road. Families in blue rode toward the District Line's Fulham Broadway station. The colors mixed and melded together, creating the glorious panoply that appears virtually every Saturday in England's capital.For visitors, the sheer volume of allegiances here can be both inspiring and intimidating.
1	 I like to plan ahead; that much I knew about myself before I plunged into exploring my genetic code. I'm a healthy 28-year-old woman, but some nasty diseases run in my family: coronary heart disease, rheumatoid arthritis, Alzheimer's and breast cancer .So I decided to read the tea leaves of my DNA. I reasoned that it was worth learning painful information if it might help me avert future illness.Like others, I turned to genetic testing, but I wondered if I could trust the nascent field to give me reliable results.
3	  BRUSSELS — Retreating slowly from tough austerity policies that have been widely blamed for leaving 27 million Europeans out of work, the European Union's executive arm said Wednesday it would allow France, Spain and five other nations more time to meet mandatory budget deficit targets .But the Brussels -based European Commission also cautioned against the temptations of debt -fueled economic stimulus, stressing in its annual review of economic policy recommendations that Europe instead needs to dismantle rigid labor regulations and remove other   structural   obstacles to growth .
3	 And therein could lie hope for a surprisingly strong economy this year.It has been a long time, as the economy worked off the excesses of the boom and cleared out the inventory of homes that should never have been built or were  sold  to people who could not hope to afford the payments. But now the inventory of houses for sale — both new and used — is as low as it has been in decades. Home prices are rising in most markets . Sales have picked up, though they are still low by historical standards .
1	 Scientists have long predicted that global warming will worsen heat waves and torrential rainfalls. In some parts of the world, that is exactly what happened last year, climate scientists reported Thursday .Rising temperatures add energy to the atmosphere, and computer models warn that this will produce wider and wilder swings in temperature and rainfall and alter prevailing wind patterns. In examining a dozen extreme weather events last year, scientists found that evidence that human activity — in particular, emissions of heat -trapping carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels — was a partial culprit in about half of them.
2	 Many aspiring country singers have day jobs, typically along the lines of waiting tables or tending bar. Not Mark Seliger. He has shot famous portraits of public figures — actors, dancers, politicians, rock stars and artists, from Jay Z to the Dalai Lama — for magazines like Time, Rolling Stone, GQ and Vanity Fair .Yet Mr. Seliger has a lesser-known passion: writing country songs. For the last decade, he has been the lead singer of the Los Angeles band Rusty Truck.
1	  ScienceTake : Sea Slug Love: In the mating game, males and females can have different agendas even when they inhabit the same body.A sea slug from the Great Barrier Reef, so small that one would never notice it with the naked eye, has been caught on video in a mating behavior so extreme that it appears to be a scientific first.The creature has both male and female reproductive organs and during mating each partner both deposits and receives sperm.
2	  LOS ANGELES — In 2010 Raul and Mexia Hernández set up a camera and a keyboard in their living room in San Jose, Calif., to sing a song about immigrant rights . Mexia rapped about cooks and domestic workers and Latinos being  on the rise like blood pressure .  Raul crooned the Spanish-language hook ( I just want to succeed/And now they want to deport me. Their brother, Giovanni, played a beat on a trash can.
4	 NEW ORLEANS — Each year in the weeks leading up to Mother's Day, when the members of the Original Big 7 Social Aid and Pleasure Club drew up the sheet outlining their parade's route through the back streets of town, they would include a warning:  Leave your guns and foolishness at home. Each year, that is, until this year. Things seemed to have gotten better, they figured. Maybe the warning was no longer necessary.
0	 (Reuters) - Gareth Bale said his drawn-out move to Real Madrid for a world record transfer fee was  stressful to say the least.The 24-year-old joined Madrid from Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday for 100 million euros .4 million pounds, a fee which made him the world's most expensive player, the day before the transfer window closed and after months of speculation about his future. It was a long time. It was very stressful to say the least,  Bale told BT Sport on Thursday.
3	  SAN DIEGO — In an unmarked greenhouse, leafy bushes carpet an acre of land here tucked into the suburban sprawl of Southern California . The seeds of the inedible, drought-resistant plants, called jatropha, produce a prize: high-quality oil that can be refined into low-carbon jet fuel or diesel fuel .The mere existence of the bushes is an achievement.
2	 One of the most unpredictable best picture races in years has had at least three front-runners in three months, but Ben Affleck's deftly made comic thriller was sneaking up on the pack. Argo,  set against both Hollywood and the 1979 Iran hostage crisis, scored all the usual best picture predictors (nominations in the acting, writing and editing categories) save one: director. And whether that snub by the directors' branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences actually helped his cause, by making his film appear to be the always-lovable underdog, is hard to say for certain.
3	  United States stocks climbed on Tuesday in a broad rally, recovering from sharp declines set off by a bogus Associated Press Twitter post about explosions at the White House .A false post by hackers about two explosions at the White House that supposedly injured President Obama provoked a steep drop in stocks, before they quickly recovered minutes later. Thomson Reuters data showed the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500- stock index fell.6 points, or.93 percent, in the space of three minutes when the post hit the market . With the S.&P. 500 valued at about.
3	 After meeting with Boeing executives, top federal aviation officials said on Friday that they would not approve any fix to the battery problems on the 787 jetliner until they were certain that the batteries would not fail again. The safety of the flying public is our top priority and we won't allow the 787 to return to commercial service until we're confident that any proposed solution has addressed the battery failure risks,  Laura J. Brown, a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration, said in a statement.
2	 Learning to let go of infuriating experiences is a valuable life skill. Yet in this year of extensive international festivities for the centennial of the English composer Benjamin Britten, I have become annoyed all over again about a conversation I had with some fellow students and junior faculty at the Yale School of Music in the early 1970s, when I was shot down for arguing that Britten's  Peter Grimes  is a great opera and that Britten was a major composer.I was having lunch at the pizza place next to the music building.
4	  WASHINGTON — At the heart of the rancorous showdown between Senate Republicans and Democrats over President Obama 's blocked political appointments is an unglamorous federal agency that polices labor practices and that has, for Republicans, become a reviled symbol of the Obama administration's bureaucratic overreach.The agency, the National Labor Relations Board, has functioned without a full slate of five members, and with its existing appointees in legal limbo, for Mr. Obama's entire presidency.This chronic disarray, experts say, has left the 80-year-old agency rudderless, throwing into doubt dozens of rulings on the nation's thorniest labor disputes .
2	 Three years ago, one of the debates that preoccupied a certain stripe of hip-hop obsessive was the one over hashtag rap. That style, now a relic, referred to the phenomenon of rappers concluding a series of lines each with a single word — as if it were a hashtag — that served as an implied wink. Drake was maybe its highest-profile proponent, but Big Sean was generally credited with injecting the style into hip-hop's DNA.That was probably the last moment in which Big Sean could take credit for beating Drake somewhere — the tables have inexorably turned.
2	 In her 30-year acting career Jami Gertz has never heard a negative peep from her parents about her projects.  It could go straight to video,  she said,  and my father will be like, 'You were the best thing in it.'  But when it came to her sitcom  The Neighbors,  which began on ABC in September,  they couldn't actually criticize, because they're Jewish parents, and that's a hard thing for them to do,  she said.  But they definitely were flummoxed. They weren't the only ones.
3	  WASHINGTON — Pharmaceutical companies that pay rivals to keep less-expensive generic versions of best-selling drugs off the market can expect greater federal scrutiny after a Supreme Court ruling on Monday.In a 5-to-3 vote, the justices effectively said that the Federal Trade Commission can sue pharmaceutical companies for potential antitrust violations, a decision that is likely to increase the number of generic drugs in the marketplace and benefit consumers .
4	 Techniques for collecting and analyzing evidence in rape cases have evolved over the last decade, as has the understanding of the psychological effects of sexual assault . But how health practitioners, law enforcement officers, prosecutors and others respond after a rape still varies widely across the country.On Wednesday, the Department of Justice issued new national guidelines for forensic medical examinations in cases of sexual assault .The recommendations, revised from those issued in, are aimed at establishing voluntary standards for care when rape victims seek help at hospitals or other medical facilities .
3	  BEIJING — China is notorious for its knockoffs. But now comes a knockoff of one of the gods of American ingenuity: Steven P. Jobs .In a country where products like iPhones are made but rarely invented, Lei Jun — entrepreneur, billionaire and professed Jobs acolyte — is positioning himself and his company as figurative heirs of Mr. Jobs . The Chinese media have nicknamed his company, Xiaomi, the  Apple of the East. The title is a stretch, by almost any measure. But Mr.
0	  OAKLAND, Calif. — Peyton Manning has broken the NFL record for most yards passing in a season and helped make the Denver Broncos the highest-scoring team in league history.Manning threw for 266 yards and four touchdowns in the first half against the Oakland Raiders on Sunday to better Drew Brees' mark of,476 set in 2011 with New Orleans. Manning's 5- yard TD pass to Demaryius Thomas with 13 seconds remaining in the half gave him,477 yards passing this season.
1	 Researchers have found that monkeys can cooperate to solve a problem, demonstrating that coordination among groups does not necessarily require language. The scientists, who report their findings in the journal Current Biology, had a group of vervet monkeys play a game called the forbidden circle. A single low-ranking female was trained to open a container holding a large amount of food — but only when dominant monkeys in the group stayed outside an imaginary circle. For anyone to get any treats, they all had to coordinate their activity and show restraint .
3	 In a legal dispute that had been closely watched by multinational companies and environmental organizations, a Dutch court Wednesday dismissed most of the claims brought by Nigerian farmers seeking to hold Royal Dutch Shell accountable for damage by oil spilled from its pipelines .The decision, by the District Court of the Hague, was unusual in that it was brought in a Dutch jurisdiction against a Dutch company for activities overseas by a foreign subsidiary.Shell, which has its headquarters in the Hague and its registered offices in London, acclaimed the decision as a vindication.
3	  WASHINGTON — Orders to American factories rose in May, helped by a third straight month of stronger business investment. The gains suggest that manufacturing may be picking up after a weak start to the year.The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that factory orders rose.1 percent in May. April's increase was revised higher, to.3 percent from 1 percent.Most of the increase in May was because of a big jump in commercial aircraft demand . Still, businesses also ordered more machinery, computers and household appliances.
2	 It was her derrière that first caught my eye. Specifically, it was the way the camera captured the pretty teenager's rear end in   Blue Is the Warmest Color   so that it was centered and foregrounded in the frame. It is a lovely derrière, no question, round, compact and firm, and I became well acquainted with how it looked whether tucked into snug jeans or perched prettily in the air when Adèle, who's 15 when the movie opens, lies splayed sleeping face down in bed, as young children often do.
4	  WASHINGTON — Sally Jewell, President Obama's nominee for interior secretary, deflected many of the questions she faced at her confirmation hearing Thursday but made clear she supports expanded oil and gas development on public lands and waters, including exploratory drilling off the North Slope of Alaska and seismic testing in the Atlantic Ocean . Leaning into oil and gas development is an important part of the mission of the Bureau of Land Management and also of the Department of Interior,  Ms.
3	 READING, England —  I want people with imagination,  said Malcolm Brown, the head of exploration at BG, the large British oil and gas company .  The whole business of exploration is a mind game. Unlike bigger rivals, BG has focused on exploration and it has paid off. Under Mr. Brown and Frank Chapman, the longtime chief executive who retired last year, BG has not been afraid to roll the dice intelligently.Of late, Mr. Brown has been playing in the deep waters off Tanzania.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday turned down a challenge to an unusual Alabama capital-sentencing practice that has sent 95 defendants to death row despite jury determinations calling for life sentences . Justice Sonia Sotomayor, joined for the most part by Justice Stephen G . Breyer, issued a 17-page dissent of the court's refusal to hear the case . Alabama now stands alone, she said, in routinely allowing judges to override determinations from capital juries calling for leniency.The case, Woodward v. Alabama, No. 13-5380, concerned Mario D. Woodward, who was convicted of killing Keith Houts, a police officer .
1	 Scientists have identified four distinct species of Anniella, legless lizards in California, including Anniella grinnelli, the Bakersfield legless lizard. This species, which has a purple belly, is found mostly in the southern San Joaquin Valley . The findings were reported last month in the journal Breviora by Theodore Papenfuss and James Parham, who used DNA testing to distinguish the species, which they named after natural historians who documented California's biodiversity.
4	  WASHINGTON — The practice of law would be much more pleasant, many lawyers will tell you over a second Scotch, if it did not require clients . It is one thing to construct an airtight legal argument and quite another to deal with the demands of inconstant human beings .Consider Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr.'s most prominent client, President Obama . In May, in announcing his support for same-sex marriage, Mr. Obama said the issue should be decided state by state . In his Inaugural Address last month, Mr.
2	 Guitar players have Eric Clapton and Jimi Hendrix as avatars; accordionists are stuck, at least in the public mind, with Lawrence Welk and Frankie Yankovic. Pianists have the works of Bach, Chopin and Scriabin to challenge them; accordion players are saddled with requests for  Lady of Spain  and the monotonous oompah oompah of the polka.But the free Accordions Around the World festival at Bryant Park this summer is offering accordionists an opportunity to change the stodgy image of their instrument, which was invented in Europe in the 19th century. Every Thursday through Aug. 29, from 5 p.m.
0	 NEW YORK — The Americans have a 7-1-1 record in the Presidents Cup, and it looks even more lopsided on paper.Consider the options of the two captains .This is the final week for players to earn a spot on the teams before Fred Couples and Nick Price get two captain's picks.If nothing changes in the U.S. standings, Couples will have to choose from among Dustin Johnson, Bubba Watson, Jim Furyk and Steve Stricker, if he can persuade Stricker to take a break from his semi-retirement. And that list doesn't even include 20-year-old Jordan Spieth .
2	 Fans of the band Thirty Seconds to Mars, accustomed to the long hair, scruffy cheeks, dark sunglasses and rocker's rasp of its frontman, Jared Leto, may find him unrecognizable as Rayon, an AIDS patient and transsexual with a drug problem in the film   Dallas Buyers Club .  The waxed eyebrows and concave belly are just the beginning.  Dallas Buyers Club,  due out Friday and based on a true story, stars Matthew McConaughey as Ron Woodroof, a tough Texan who in 1985 received a diagnosis of H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate agreement to pull back from unilateral rules changes that would have eroded the power of the filibuster was hailed by both parties as the beginning of a new spirit of bipartisan cooperation that saved the Senate . But to some policy makers practiced in the art of compromise, it represented a potential missed opportunity.A Senate where 51 votes rule — not the filibuster-proof 60 — may well have empowered the political center to force compromise, taking power from the political poles, and especially from the party leadership, and returning it to potential deal makers.
2	 Recently, a 25- foot-tall photograph of the jazz singer Cécile McLorin Salvant has been on view outside the main entrance to Jazz at Lincoln Center, at 60th Street and Broadway. Such a distinction happened quickly by jazz-world standards. She's, and her first album with any distribution,  WomanChild  (Mack Avenue, came out only six months ago . But it's not surprising that Jazz at Lincoln Center should want to go out on a limb to promote her.
2	 IN a video posted on YouTube last summer the gifted violinist Jennifer Koh can be seen offering a poised, passionate account of the first movement from Paganini's Violin Concerto No. 1 with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra . The excellence of Ms. Koh's playing will surprise no one who knows the quality and integrity of her work. What is unusual is that Ms. Koh, who will play Lutoslawski's bracing  Chain 2  with the New York Philharmonic beginning Thursday, offered such a splashy showpiece in her Chicago Symphony debut.Give her a break: she was. The performance was filmed in, when Ms.
3	 FRANKFURT — The face-off between Volkswagen and the United Automobile Workers over organizing the company's new plant in Tennessee is rapidly becoming a global clash of cultures.For months, the U.A.W. has been trying hard to get recognition by Volkswagen to represent workers at its prized assembly plant in Chattanooga.The effort has unleashed a groundswell of pro- and anti-union sentiment. While some workers are eager for the U.A.W. to come in, state officials and so-called right-to-work groups are just as determined to stop Detroit's brand of unionism.
4	  WASHINGTON — If there is a rock bottom in the frayed relationship between Senate Republicans and Democrats, it seemed uncomfortably close as the final days of 2013 on Capitol Hill degenerated into something like an endurance contest to see who could be the most spiteful.As the sun rose on Friday, senators had worked through a second straight late-night session — called by Democrats as a way of retaliating for Republicans' delaying tactics on confirmations. They held their first vote of the day at 7 a.m., confirming Deborah James to be secretary of the Air Force .
2	 Pamina is in trouble. The Queen of the Night and her three ladies have abducted her in the midst of her greatest trial. Who will help Tamino rescue her so that he can be reunited with her under the benevolent eye of Sarastro? Don't count on Papageno. He's fallen prey to the bewitching sister of Monostatos, that cunning slave. With her marriage to Papageno in doubt, Papagena is jealous and alone; perhaps the time is ripe for Monostatos to make his move. Pamina may just have to rescue herself.
3	 Given the wild trading of late, it was a calm close to the month.After flitting between tiny gains and losses most of Friday, the stock market closed mostly lower, a peaceful end to the most volatile month in nearly two years. It's a dull Friday,  said Gary Flam, a stock manager at Bel Air Investment Advisors. A bull market, he added, is  rarely a straight march up.  The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index ended its bumpy ride in June down.5 percent, the first monthly loss since October.
1	 The Guthman competition at Georgia Tech has been compared to the X Prize for musical instruments . This week, inventors from 11 countries will compete for,000 in cash prizes. The entries include a Ouija-like wooden tablet that emits crackles and yelps, a swiveling microphone stand that can distort a singer's voice, and a sprawling shantytown of homemade contraptions that channels the rebellious spirit of New Orleans. Building a new instrument is  a godlike thing to want to do,  said one of the judges, the performance artist Laurie Anderson.  There's a crazy sense of achievement and creation.
3	 GIBRALTAR — Gibraltar, the British territory at the tip of the Iberian Peninsula, has long been a political sore point between Britain and Spain. But now, in an Internet gambling dispute, it's Briton vs. Briton. Officials and executives in the territory's thriving online gambling industry are crying foul over Prime Minister David Cameron's plan to impose a 15 percent tax on residents of Britain who place bets on Gibraltar's dozens of sites.
0	 Eighteen Division I teams will miss postseason play, and another 18 in men's basketball and 9 in other college sports will trade practice time for remedial classroom sessions as a result of the N.C.A.A. academic progress reports released Tuesday .Poor academic progress rate scores mean postseason bans in the 2013-14 academic year for teams from 10 universities : Alabama State, Arkansas -Pine Bluff, Florida A&M, Florida International, Grambling, Mississippi Valley State, New Orleans, Norfolk State, Savannah State and Southern. In the 2012-13 postseason, 15 teams were ineligible.Five teams received so-called Level 3 A.P.R.
4	  You've got some adrenaline running through you right now,  said Esther Beris, the coordinator of the northeastern Ohio chapter of A Girl and a Gun Women's Shooting League .  It's O.K., just relax. Ms. Froebe, 42, a small-business owner who described herself as a  virgin gun shooter,  concentrated and pulled the trigger .  It was awesome,  she said, her face flushed, after emptying the 10-round magazine.  The sense of control, of being in charge of me. In the debate over firearms regulations, the voices of gun owners have largely been those of men.
2	 In Quentin Tarantino 's   Django Unchained,  a film whose soundtrack echoes with the wide-vista twang of Ennio Morricone and some Rick Ross thrown in for good measure, one of the most important musical selections is one we never hear: Wagner's  Ring  cycle.Sitting by their campfire one night the two main characters in the film, which has been nominated for five Academy Awards, turn their conversation to the ancient tales on which Wagner's cycle is based. The wife of the black slave Django (Jamie Foxx) is still being held captive .
3	 That milestone, which the company announced Thursday, underlines the growing influence of Chinese companies like Lenovo in the shift from desktop to mobile computing . Now even Lenovo, which acquired I.B.M.'s PC business in 2005 and sells ThinkPad notebooks, is remaking itself for a post-PC era.Lenovo said its sales of smartphones had more than doubled in the three months that ended June, to.4 million . The company also sold.5 million tablet computers .Executives said Lenovo had benefited from a structural shift in the smartphone business, where the high end, dominated by Apple and Samsung Electronics, is showing signs of saturation.
2	 In late May, in a gaudy hotel suite brimming with tuxedoed film executives at the Cannes Film Festival, a publicist was pacing anxiously.  Bruce, we've got to go,  she said. Then,  Bruce, it's time.  Next she tried,  Bruce, we're going to be late,  before finally resorting to,  Bruce, please, they can't start without you. Some actors attain celebrity before they know what to do with it; others project a diffidence to fame while secretly craving it; and some just don't appreciate their numbered moments in the spotlight.
0	 The action in the stadiums of Brazil became compelling by midweek, but the protests in the streets kept on swelling.Neymar, the home nation's hero, turned in another of his quixotic performances Wednesday in a 2-0 victory over Mexico in the steamy heat of Fortaleza in the Confederations Cup . He scored with a masterful volley but he disappeared for long spells. Toward the end, he dashed between two Mexican defenders, fooled them with his footwork and laid down the second goal to be scored by Jo.Outside, the police were using pepper spray and force to keep protesters at bay.
1	 Hungry babies instinctively open their mouths as their mother's breast or a bottle draws near. Now, researchers from England and France report that this instinct — the anticipation of touch — is a skill fetuses teach themselves in the womb. Studying scans at monthly intervals between 24 and 36 weeks of pregnancy, the scientists found that the youngest fetuses were more likely to touch their heads and that as they matured, they began to touch their mouths more. And by 36 weeks, the fetuses began to open their mouths before they touched them.
0	  FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — He figured he would at least play. That much Shane Vereen thought he could count on for the Patriots ' playoff opener Sunday against the Houston Texans . He had earned that much with his play during the regular season, hadn't he?This wasn't, when he was a rookie running back out of California, appearing in just five games, bothered by a hamstring injury. This time last year he was a spectator when New England made its run to the Super Bowl in Indianapolis .
3	  DETROIT — Despite steady profits, last year was a rocky one for General Motors, raising questions about the strength of the company's comeback from its bankruptcy and government bailout .G.M., the nation's biggest automaker, posted its lowest United States market share in decades, searched for answers to its longstanding troubles in Europe and struggled to overcome the lingering, politically charged stigma of being   Government Motors. On Wednesday, G.M.'s chief executive, Daniel Akerson, acknowledged that the company still had a long way to go before it completed its turnaround.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Bureau of Investigation said it was looking into allegations by Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky that political opponents bugged his campaign headquarters.Mr. McConnell, the Republican leader in the Senate, blamed the  political left  for an anonymous recording of a meeting at his campaign headquarters that appeared on the Web site of Mother Jones, a liberal magazine, on Tuesday morning . The recording captures Mr. McConnell and his aides outlining possible attacks on potential opponents, especially the actress Ashley Judd. They were bugging our headquarters, quite a Nixonian move,  Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senior federal officials involved in building the HealthCare. gov website were deeply concerned this summer about delays as well as weaknesses in the quality and size of the contractor teams assigned to parts of the project, emails released by congressional investigators on Friday show.The emails offer some of the first detailed evidence of which federal government officials had at least some knowledge that the start-up of the health care exchange might be troubled.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — The question couldn't have caught Rory McIlroy by surprise because almost every player preceding him in the interview room at the British Open had already been asked for his thoughts on the hot issue of the day.When the tabloids collide, as they tend to do at major events in Britain, themes emerge. One this week was how 77-year-old Gary Player looked in the ESPN Magazine body issue, and most players agreed that the three-time Open champion looked pretty good.But this was a little more socially significant than body tone on an aging golfer.
4	  WASHINGTON — Americans overwhelmingly favor installing video surveillance cameras in public places, judging the infringement on their privacy as an acceptable trade -off for greater security from terrorist attacks, according to the latest New York Times / CBS News Poll .A week after the Boston Marathon attack, which was unraveled after the release of video footage of the two suspects flushed them out of hiding, 78 percent of people said surveillance cameras were a good idea, the poll found.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — Pfc. Bradley Manning's defense lawyers on Monday made a last-minute personal plea to the military judge hearing his court-martial, asking her to be lenient in sentencing and to allow Private Manning a chance to rehabilitate himself. A prosecutor in the case urged a 60-year sentence for disclosing hundreds of thousands of documents to WikiLeaks .Echoing his remarks from the start of the trial in June, David E. Coombs, a defense lawyer, portrayed Private Manning as an idealistic if naïve young man who was let down by a commander aware of his troubled mental state .Mr.
2	 Caroline Shaw, the winner of the 2013 Pulitzer Prize in Music, isn't quite ready to own up to what she does. I don't really call myself a composer,  she said, laughing, in an interview in her sunny studio apartment in Chelsea .  That's what's awkward about this whole thing: that's not really what I call myself. Ms. Shaw would prefer to be known simply as a musician.
0	  MIAMI — Legacies are generally determined after the fact, written by others, imposed on the subjects without their input. For the last three years, LeBron James has endured daily revisions to his legacy, a chorus of critics framing his career based on a single game, a single series, the shots that swished and those that missed, never waiting for a fuller picture to emerge.James at last seized control of his own narrative Thursday night, leaving nothing to chance and no more room for debate.
4	 Nearly half of Americans agree with the Obama administration's contention that the economy will be hurt by the spending cuts prompted by the sequestration, according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .About one-third said the automatic cuts to military and domestic programs that went into effect because President Obama and Republicans in Congress could not agree on a budget plan would have no effect on the economy one way or the other. Just 1 in 10 said the automatic cuts would help the economy .In his news conference on Tuesday, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — By mid-February or early March, the United States could face an unprecedented default unless it raises its debt ceiling, the Treasury Department said this week.Some legislators have theorized that a quick breach in the debt ceiling might cause only a minor disruption to government finances . And some commentators have suggested that the United States could pass legislation to prioritize or guarantee payments to bondholders, thus erasing what they describe as the worst of the financial market reaction and removing the threat of technical default.
3	 TWO beliefs continue to shape debate on Obamacare . First, pre-existing medical conditions shouldn't prevent people from obtaining affordable health insurance . And second, people who don't want health insurance shouldn't be forced by the government to purchase it.These may seem to be reasonable positions. But they are incompatible. That's been shown by historical events, and it's now being strikingly confirmed by recent experience in the emerging Obamacare insurance exchanges .The crux of the matter is what economists call the adverse-selection problem.
0	 SUNRISE, Fla. — Tomas Kopecky scored the winning goal in the 10th round of the shootout, lifting the Florida Panthers to a 3-2 win over the Washington Capitals on Friday night .Kopecky's goal went high over Philipp Grubauer and into the net. It came after the Panthers missed five previous chances to win the game during the shootout.Jonathan Huberdeau, Brad Boyes, and Nick Bjugstad also scored in the tiebreaker for Florida . Aleksander Barkov and Dylan Olsen had the regulation goals, and Scott Clemmensen made 23 saves.Eric Fehr, Nicklas Backstrom, and Mikhail Grabovski scored shootout goals for Washington .
1	 Researchers in Germany and Canada have produced a new map of the human brain — not the sort that shows every brain cell and its every connection or the kind that shows broad patterns of activity in brain regions, but a work of classic anatomy, done with high technology, that shows a three-dimensional reconstruction of a human brain in unprecedented detail.
1	 In this warm guide, Edward O. Wilson, the evolutionary biologist who has studied social behavior among insects and humans, offers advice to aspiring researchers.  The ideal scientist thinks like a poet,  he maintains, stressing the virtues of passion, introversion and dedication. Dr. Wilson draws on his Alabama youth when he explains how to build butterfly nets, wrangle snakes and extract pheromones from honeybees (just crush their heads.
1	  Government scientists reported Tuesday that last month set a heat record. They say it was the warmest November on record, across Earth, since record-keeping began in. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says average global temperature, for water and land surfaces combined, was.6 degrees.7 Celsius. That's.4 degrees.78 degrees Celsius ) above the 20th century average.It was the 37th consecutive November with above-average temperatures. The last below-average November was in.It was also the 345th straight month with above-average temperatures. That's almost 29 years.Among the November hot spots : much of Eurasia, Central America and the Indian Ocean .
4	  WASHINGTON — With furloughs of air traffic controllers beginning on Sunday, average delays at O'Hare International Airport will be 50 minutes, and 20 at Newark Liberty, the head of the Federal Aviation Administration and the transportation secretary said on Thursday. Los Angeles International will have a shorter average delay, 10 minutes, but peak delays could reach three and a half hours in Atlanta, they said.The numbers come from a computer simulation based on running the system with 10 percent fewer controllers, and using air traffic volumes from March, a Friday, when traffic is usually heavier.
4	 Even before Mitch McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, knew the source of an embarrassing leaked recording, he attacked  the political left  for  wiretapping  him and invoked Watergate. Opponents accused him of trying to divert attention from the substance of the recording — in which he and his staff discussed attacking the actress Ashley Judd, who was considering running against him. But on Thursday, Mr. McConnell's suspicion seemed to be confirmed. A Democratic official in Kentucky said two activists had told him of secretly recording the meeting while in a hallway of Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama is even less likely to go through with a visit to Moscow this fall after Russia's decision on Thursday to grant Edward J. Snowden temporary asylum . For Mr. Obama, though, the Snowden affair is only one of myriad reasons to beg off the scheduled meeting with President Vladimir V . Putin.The dispute over Mr. Snowden, the fugitive intelligence contractor, is less a singular sore point between the United States and Russia than a symptom of a relationship that has soured across the board .
2	 When audiences looked at Liberace, they saw a bundle of contradictions wrapped in layers of fur, gold lamé suits and ostrich-feather capes. Here was a consummate entertainer who could make fans feel as if they were sitting next to him on his piano bench, yet who kept them at arm's length. As much as his sexuality seemed to be on display — a detail that many close observers could detect in his flamboyant stage presence and outrageous costumes — it was something Liberace would never openly share with his adoring public.And when Steven Soderbergh looked at Michael Douglas, he saw Liberace.
2	  PARK CITY, Utah — Jane Campion has spent decades traveling the festival circuit, listening to countless audiences react to her films, like  The Piano  or  Bright Star.  Still, nothing prepared her for the response during a showing in the Egyptian Theater during the Sundance Film Festival in January.As a character appeared to hurtle backward over a cliff hundreds of feet above a canyon floor, the crowd let out anguished howls of  Oh no!  What made this reaction different was that it came more than four hours into a daylong screening of Ms.
4	  DENVER — The same day that President Obama unveiled his plan to address gun violence, the sheriff of Larimer County, Justin Smith, took to his personal Facebook page .In an impassioned post, Sheriff Smith, whose jurisdiction includes a swath of suburbia and farmland north of Denver, railed against universal background checks and wrote of the need to defend the Second Amendment. As Sheriff, I will not enforce unconstitutional federal laws,  he wrote.Over the past several weeks, dozens of other sheriffs from across the country have reacted with similar public opposition to Mr.
2	 In the world of opera, when directors update repertory works to contemporary settings, they almost always remain true to the original music and libretto. This is in effect the bargain that production teams strike with passionate opera buffs, especially the more tradition-bound members of the audience.Wagner's Wotan may be reconceived as the chief executive of the Valhalla Corporation.  La Sonnambula  may be presented as the story of a modern-day opera company in rehearsal for a traditional staging of this Bellini masterpiece.
1	 In a chilling episode of  Homeland  last year, a terrorist killed the vice president with a fiendishly clever weapon: a remote-control device that attacked the computerized defibrillator implanted in his chest.For former Vice President Dick Cheney, it was all too realistic.Mr. Cheney, who had heart disease for decades before receiving a transplant last year, had such an implant to regulate his heart rate and shock his heart back into life, if necessary. The defibrillator could be reprogrammed wirelessly from a short distance away. In, he had the wireless feature disabled.About the  Homeland  scenario, Mr.
2	 The British band the Dave Clark Five was among the most successful pop groups of the 1960s, combining catchy tunes with a propulsive beat. Its hits included  Glad All Over,   Do You Love Me  and  I Like It Like That,  and the quintet turned up on  The Ed Sullivan Show  so often it seemed like the house band.  Din Overpowers Dave Clark Five,  a May 1964 headline in The New York Times ran atop an article about the band's appearance at Carnegie Hall.
0	  TORONTO — Edwin Encarnacion hit two home runs in one inning, including his sixth career grand slam, Jose Reyes, Adam Lind and Brett Lawrie also went deep and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 12-6 on Friday night .Encarnacion became the first Blue Jays player in nearly 20 years to homer twice in the same inning when he accomplished the feat in the seventh against Paul Clemens (4-4) and Hector Ambriz .The last to do it was Joe Carter, who went deep twice in the second against Baltimore on Oct. 3, 1993.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Martin Laird was at home in Scotland, closing in on the lead at the British Open when it all went wrong.His mess at Muirfield began with a 2-iron that strayed into nasty, yellow rough right of the fairway. After a couple of hacks — and a couple of penalty shots — he staggered off with a quintuple-bogey.And that wasn't even the worst of his forgettable Saturday.
3	 FRANKFURT — The Opel unit of General Motors said on Monday that it reached a preliminary agreement with workers to close a factory in Bochum, Germany, at the end of next year, another example of the effort by hard-pressed European automakers to slowly close superfluous manufacturing plants.Opel had already announced that it would close the factory, which makes Zafira minivans and employs about,200 people.
1	 There are only about,000 black rhinoceroses left in the world — at least until next year, when a high bidder gets a chance to shoot one. This week brought news of a controversial auction, plus an account of what the Food and Drug Administration found in imported spices.British archaeologists working on a construction site in London were thrilled to find a Roman-era sculpture of an eagle, nearly,000 years old, carved from Cotswold limestone. The 26-inch-tall sculpture was exquisitely preserved and will be displayed in the Museum of London for six months before researchers take it back.
4	  WASHINGTON — The head of the National Security Agency on Tuesday vigorously challenged recent reports that the United States had been gathering the phone records of millions of Europeans, saying that the records had in fact been turned over by allied spy services . This is not information we collected on European citizens,  said the agency's director, Gen. Keith B. Alexander.  It represents information that we and our NATO allies have collected in defense of our countries and in support of military operations . General Alexander said that phone data was generally collected outside Europe.
0	 RICHMOND, Va. — Bruce Allen knows well the history of Washington Redskins quarterback controversies. Sonny Jurgensen vs. Billy Kilmer in the '70s. Doug Williams vs. Jay Schroeder in the '80s. Heath Shuler vs. Gus Frerotte in '90s.In, the popular take-sides issue isn't QB vs. QB. It's QB vs. coach. Robert Griffin III vs. Mike Shanahan. And Allen doesn't see this one going anywhere. I don't see a controversy at all,  Allen said Friday.  I know somehow Billy and Sonny are laughing that we created a quarterback controversy with Robert Griffin.
4	 Would a white homeowner in a mostly white suburb be charged with a crime in the shotgun slaying of a 19-year-old black woman from Detroit who came to his door in the middle of the night?While civil rights activists compared the shooting to other racially tinged cases around the nation, most notably the death of Trayvon Martin in Florida, Wayne County's top prosecutor was largely silent, saying only that she would announce a decision when her investigation was done. On Friday, speaking matter-of-factly in her packed offices in Detroit, the prosecutor, Kym L.
4	  WASHINGTON — Brian Schweitzer, the former governor of Montana, announced Saturday that he would not run for the state's open Senate seat in, a decision that further impedes Democratic efforts to retain their majority in the midterm elections .The announcement by Mr. Schweitzer, a popular two-term governor, came as a surprise to many Democrats, who viewed him as their best hope to fill the seat being vacated by Senator Max Baucus, the Montana Democrat who earlier this year announced he would not seek re- election .In an interview with The Associated Press, Mr.
0	  RECIFE, Brazil — Brazilian fans again screamed and cheered for Tahiti every step of the way, even as Uruguay pumped in goal after goal to beat the South Pacific islanders 8-0 Sunday and reach the Confederations Cup semifinals.The Uruguayans, who started without strikers Diego Forlan, Edinson Cavani and Suarez, will play Brazil in the semifinals Wednesday in Belo Horizonte . Tahiti, a team of mostly amateurs that drew boisterous support from the Brazilian fans for the third straight game, was outscored 24-1 at the tournament.
3	  HONG KONG — The air cargo market is showing signs of life after years of pain following the global financial crisis, senior executives of the European plane maker Airbus said in a news media briefing on Thursday. The officials forecast solid growth powered by demand for freighters from emerging markets over the next 20 years.
0	 NEW YORK — Mark Teixeira raised his fist as he rounded first base after his ball landed in the cap of a young fan standing in the front row beyond the right field wall .That grand slam was big — not only for his recovery from a wrist injury but for his slumping squad's confidence.Teixeira hit his first homer of the season, Brett Gardner had a tiebreaking single in the sixth inning and the New York Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 7-4 Monday night to spoil Nick Swisher's first game back in the Bronx. We needed that,  Teixeira said.
1	 In the hearts of evolutionary biologists, mountains occupy a special place. It's not just their physical majesty: mountains also have an unmatched power to drive human evolution. Starting tens of thousands of years ago, people moved to high altitudes, and there they experienced natural selection that has reworked their biology. This is the most extreme example in humans that you can find,  said Rasmus Nielsen, an evolutionary biologist at the University of California at Berkeley.Humans have adapted to mountainous environments just as Charles Darwin predicted.
2	 Four years ago, a singer named Margaret Durante tried to have a go at Nashville. She released a tepid country cover of  Use Somebody,  the desperate Kings of Leon anthem — an uncommitted way to begin a career — and that was that. She kicked around the city for a while, jumping among independent labels, but only this year, remade as Maggie Rose, has she sounded anything like herself.Her debut album,  Cut to Impress  (RPM, is one of the year's best country releases, maybe because of the tough skin one grows when success slips out of reach.
3	 LONDON — As an island nation that once built an empire by sea, Britain has a proud history and longstanding expertise in shipbuilding.But, buffeted by cuts in military spending and a decline in demand, the country's biggest military contractor, BAE Systems, said on Wednesday that it would end more than five centuries of shipbuilding in the southern English city of Portsmouth and cut nearly,800 jobs across Britain.The announcement prompted opponents of Prime Minister David Cameron to accuse him of playing politics with an industry intertwined with the country's history.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama will meet executives from leading technology companies like Google and Apple on Tuesday to discuss ways to improve the federal health care exchange website, the White House said.An Obama administration official said the meeting would cover capacity issues with the site, HealthCare. gov, which has not worked well since its Oct. 1 rollout. Many people face a Dec. 23 deadline to sign up in order to have insurance on Jan. 1.It was unclear what Mr. Obama might learn from technology company leaders who have had little to do with health care .
3	 For decades in Detroit, there was a clear pecking order among automakers : General Motors sold the most cars in the United States, followed by Ford Motor Company and then the Chrysler Group .But in the world of the postbailout auto industry, that firmament has gradually shifted, as Ford has introduced appealing fuel-efficient models while G.M. has contracted, dropping brands and reducing capacity .On Monday, Ford continued to chip away at its rival, reporting a robust 14 percent gain in American sales in May, to,000, about,000 behind G.M., which reported a tepid 3 percent gain .
3	 MADRID — Spain is on track to meet the 2013 budget deficit target it agreed on with its European Union partners and should emerge from recession before the end of the year, the economy minister said on Monday.The minister, Luis de Guindos, also said the government would not require additional one-time austerity measures as part of the 2014 budget that it will present this month. The budget will be based on an improved forecast for, both in terms of overall growth and unemployment, which hit a record 27 percent earlier this year, Mr. de Guindos said.
4	 LAKE TEXOMA — Inside a dimly lit water-pumping station that juts over choppy waters, Denise Hickey toes an imaginary line that has fueled real disputes over water, oil and property taxes, dating back to the Louisiana Purchase. You're in Texas, and I'm in Oklahoma,  said Ms. Hickey, a spokeswoman for the North Texas Municipal Water District, to a reporter standing five feet away.The boundary, marked by three orange circles painted on the concrete floor, passes through two of the largest water pumps.
3	 Honda, Toyota, Nissan and Mazda are recalling about.3 million vehicles worldwide because the passenger-side air bag could deploy with too much force, sending shards of metal into the passenger area, the automakers said Thursday.The recalls, announced in Tokyo, include about.7 million Toyotas, 1.1 million Hondas, 480,000 Nissans and,000 Mazdas. Almost.4 million of the vehicles are in the United States .Among the automakers, Honda has had the most serious, continuing problem with air bags . Before Thursday's action, Honda had already recalled almost two million vehicles since 2008 for an excessively powerful driver's air bag .
3	 MUMBAI, India — Wal-Mart Stores gave up on India's huge market on Wednesday, announcing that it had indefinitely delayed its once-ambitious plans to open hundreds of superstores across the country.The announcement adds to the gloom enrobing the Indian economy . Growth has slowed sharply and the value of the rupee has fallen starkly in recent months . It also suggests that the government's efforts to lure more foreign investment are failing, but the governing United Progressive Alliance's plan has never been popular with India's politically vocal retailers . Wal-Mart, the Bentonville, Ark.
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans filing new applications for unemployment benefits fell close to a six-year low last week, and consumer prices rose broadly in July. Government reports on Thursday suggested an acceleration in job growth in early August and hinted at pockets of pricing power in the sluggish economy . The data could ease concerns among some Federal Reserve officials that inflation has been too low and the job market too weak, drawing the central bank closer to tapering off its economic stimulus program .
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.05 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.07 percent and the rate on the four-week issue was.05 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKNashville and Davidson Counties, Tenn., Health and Educational Facilities Board, $79 million of debt securities . Citigroup Global Markets .
2	 REYKJAVIK, Iceland — Visitors to Thingvellir National Park, just over 30 miles outside of Reykjavik, can stand on the North American continental plate one minute, and Eurasia the next, by simply crossing a rocky gorge: it's a divergent boundary where the world's face is ripping apart slowly. In Reykjavik a different kind of upheaval was evident last weekend, as the Iceland Symphony Orchestra presented its second annual Tectonics Festival at the Harpa Concert Hall and Conference Center here on Thursday, Friday and Saturday .
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Any day now, billions of cicadas with bulging red eyes will crawl out of the earth after 17 years underground and overrun the East Coast . The insects will arrive in such numbers that people from North Carolina to Connecticut will be outnumbered roughly 600-to. Maybe more.Scientists even have a horror-movie name for the infestation: Brood II. But as ominous as that sounds, the insects are harmless. They won't hurt you or other animals. At worst, they might damage a few saplings or young shrubs.
1	  LOS ANGELES — Explore an intriguing spot on Mars. Hunt for ancient signs of Martian life. Bag a bunch of rocks and leave them on the surface for a future mission to possibly return.That's what the next rover to Mars should strive for, a NASA-appointed team said Tuesday.The scientists released a 154- page report outlining ambitious science goals for a red planet mission that NASA wants to launch in.While the plan marked the first concrete step toward returning a piece of Mars to Earth, NASA said it's unclear how — or when — the cache would be retrieved.
2	 The worldwide Georges Simenon fan club is large — you don't publish 400 to 500 books during your lifetime if you're not striking a chord — and moviemakers make up one of its most active chapters. More than 120 feature films and at least 7 television series have been based on novels and short stories by Simenon, the prodigious Belgian writer who died in. These days, entire studios, networks and streaming-video services are built on less content than that.
3	 Walmart illegally disciplined and fired employees over strikes and protests, the National Labor Relations Board said on Monday.In addition, the board's general counsel said an inquiry found evidence that a Walmart spokesman, appearing on national television, had unlawfully threatened employees who were considering taking part in the protests .While the board authorized the filing of a complaint asserting violations of workers' rights, no complaint was filed on Monday. The board counsel's office said it would give the parties a chance to reach a settlement .Walmart denied the accusations, and it called the board's steps  procedural.
3	  JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Since Patrick J. Geraghty arrived here a year and a half ago to lead the state's largest health insurer, Florida Blue, he has expanded its operations in Medicare and Medicaid, entered arrangements with hospitals and doctors, bought a medical group, and dabbled with a new private sector marketplace that allows employees to choose plans from different insurance companies .At the same time, he is preparing Florida Blue, a nonprofit Blue Cross and Blue Shield plan, for, when most of the requirements of the federal Affordable Care Act go into effect.
2	 With the Supreme Court overturning the Defense of Marriage Act, and gay marriage being legalized in one state after another, the struggle for sexual equality has taken precedence over the fact of sexuality in the gay, lesbian and transgender liberation movement . But sex, in all its variety, some of it explicit, is the main subject of NewFest, the New York L.G.B.T. Festival.The series, which runs Friday through Sept.
3	  DETROIT — Last year, Ford Motor broke ranks with other auto companies when it announced major cuts in its troubled European operations, including the closing of three factories, to address a sharp downturn in sales on the continent and an oversupply of vehicles.On Tuesday, Ford, the second-biggest American automaker, behind General Motors, startled the industry again by predicting that Europe, a critical market, would get worse before it begins improving later this year.
1	 About,000 monkeys at a Harvard Medical School research center will be moved to other laboratories around the country as the school shuts down the troubled center, an official with the National Institutes of Health said Wednesday.The school announced Tuesday that it would close the facility, the New England Primate Research Center in Southborough, Mass., over the next two years. Harvard said financial uncertainties were behind the move, but the laboratory has been cited in recent years by the federal Department of Agriculture for failing to comply with the Animal Welfare Act, and four primates have died there since mid.
4	  WASHINGTON — A retired federal judge, who formerly served on the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, on Tuesday praised the growing public discussion about government surveillance fostered by the leaks of classified information by Edward J. Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor whom the Obama administration has charged with espionage and who remains a fugitive.
4	  WASHINGTON — The White House is recruiting mayors, county commissioners and other local officials to promote and carry out President Obama's health care law in states like Florida and Texas, where governors are hostile to it.The effort comes as the administration is intensifying its campaign to publicize new health insurance options and to persuade consumers, especially healthy young people, to sign up for coverage when open enrollment starts on Oct. 1.To bring people into the insurance market, the White House is using techniques it used to mobilize voters during Mr.
4	 In some Texas counties, it takes six months or longer to get DNA test results from the Department of Public Safety, says William Lee Hon, the Polk County criminal district attorney .Now, Mr. Hon and other prosecutors fear that come Sept. 1, when a new law takes effect requiring DNA analysis of all biological evidence in death penalty cases, the wait could grow longer.  We're not sure that D.P.S. has the resources currently to adequately comply with that legislation,  he said.
3	 The stock market paused on Monday, ending with little change after a string of records in recent weeks . Investors had little company -specific news to digest and trading was light ahead of the Thanksgiving holiday on Thursday. Still, the market felt the impact of broader geopolitical news; oil prices and energy stocks fell after the United States and other world powers reached a deal on Sunday to limit Iran's nuclear program .The slow day represented a lull in the market's strong run-up.
2	  Ben Affleck said to ask him anything.  Nothing is off limits,  he said, adding later,  There's nothing that you can ask me that hasn't been asked of me before. Not true. One thing that Mr. Affleck has only recently had to answer for is how it feels to be snubbed by the Oscars. As the director, producer and star of  Argo  he was considered a shoo-in for a best director nomination, typically crucial in any campaign for a best picture prize. But last week the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences overlooked Mr.
2	  New York City Ballet comes to the Saratoga Performing Arts Center, its lush summer home of almost five decades, for just one week this season, down from two weeks each year since 2009 and, before that, a luxurious three. Let's hope the pattern doesn't continue; the combination of these dancers, a clear night and seating on the lawn is one of the great pleasures of summer dance.
2	 The  B.  in Michael B. Jordan stands for  Bakari,  which in Swahili means  of noble promise.  For Mr. Jordan, the 26-year-old star of   Fruitvale Station,  2013 has been the year in which potential —  I've been walking in it since I was born  he said of the pressure embodied in his middle name — fully blossomed into reality.In   Fruitvale Station,  Mr.
4	 The Texas Legislature's regular session still has more than five weeks to go, so it is too early to write an obituary for any bill. That said, it is clear that some ideas just aren't moving, like regulation of and disclosures by candidates, lawmakers and lobbyists.Some measures starve for lack of attention, as when lawmakers decide not to even give them a hearing. Some get a hearing but never get a vote in committee .
0	  BOSTON — The victory was secured. The Bruins were moving on to the Eastern Conference finals after their series-clinching 3-1 victory over the Rangers, and all Boston forward Shawn Thornton could think of was the one that got away.It was his point-blank shot in the third period that Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist turned aside. Had the puck gone in the net, Thornton would have had that N.H.L. rarity, a Gordie Howe hat trick : a goal, an assist and a fight.In this case, two out of three was quite all right.
0	 LONDON — Novak Djokovic moved seamlessly into the third round at Wimbledon on Thursday with a 7-6(2) 6-3 6-1 win over American qualifier Bobby Reynolds, restoring a sense of order to the men's draw after the previous day's fireworks.With the Center Court roof closed as the rain came down in south west London, Djokovic was tested in the first set then put his foot down to break the spirit of his 156th- ranked opponent .
1	  LOS ANGELES — Astronauts traveling to and from Mars would be bombarded with as much radiation as they'd get from a full-body CT scan about once a week for a year, researchers reported Thursday .That dose would, in some cases, exceed NASA's standards and is enough to raise an astronaut's cancer risk by 3 percent.As plans for deep space exploration ramp up, radiation is a big concern — from high-energy galactic cosmic rays spewed by distant supernova explosions to sporadic bursts of charged particles hurled by the sun. Earth's magnetic field helps to deflect much of that harmful radiation.
2	 On Friday evening, the Minnesota Orchestra will hold a fund-raising ball in Orchestra Hall, which is just reopening after renovations costing some $50 million . Besides acoustical improvements intended to help musicians hear one another better onstage and expanded facilities for the players backstage, the face-lift includes a large and attractive new lobby that the orchestra and renters of the hall will be able to use to entertain patrons.From an upper level on Friday, wealthy donors will look out at the skyline through an array of floor-to-ceiling windows .
0	 Yasiel Puig introduced himself to the Yankees early in Game 1 of Wednesday's doubleheader, singling up the middle in the first inning, barrelling around first base and dashing full speed toward second — a 245-pound blur kicking up chunks of dirt in his wake.From there, Puig held the crowd at Yankee Stadium hostage each moment he was on the field, captivating them with his bat, arm, legs, aggressiveness and savvy, a full garage's worth of tools seemingly more appropriate for a football field, or maybe a decathlon .
3	  DETROIT — An auto safety group on Monday urged federal regulators to conduct crash tests to determine whether a trailer hitch would protect Jeep sport utility vehicles from fuel-tank fires in rear collisions. Officials from the Center for Auto Safety made their recommendation in a meeting with the head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which is studying the trailer-hitch remedy proposed by Chrysler for millions of its older-model Jeeps.Clarence M. Ditlow, executive director of the Washington-based safety group, said the regulators left open the possibility of performing crash tests on the affected Jeep models.
2	  LOS ANGELES — For Participant Media, a nine-year-old Hollywood company with a fondness for films about social issues, the political minefield is comfortable terrain. In the recent past, the company plunged  Lincoln  into the fracas over partisanship, used  The Help  to highlight the plight of domestic workers and made  Promised Land  as a call for environmental action.But this time is different.Participant and its partners are getting ready to offer a Latino hero in their still-unfinished movie  Chavez,  about Cesar Chavez and his struggle to unionize farmworkers.
4	  LOS ANGELES — After years of grueling battles over state budget deficits and spending cuts, California has a new challenge on its hands: too much money . An unexpected surplus is fueling an argument over how the state should respond to its turn of good fortune.The amount is a matter of debate, but by any measure significant: between.2 billion, projected by Gov . Jerry Brown, and.4 billion, the estimate of the Legislature's independent financial analyst . The surplus comes barely three years after the state was facing a deficit of close to $60 billion.
0	 NEW YORK — Max Mirnyi won his fourth Grand Slam mixed doubles title Friday, teaming with Andrea Hlavackova (lav-atch-KO-va) for a, 6-3 victory over Santiago Gonzalez and Abigail Spears at the U.S. Open.The 36-year-old Mirnyi also has six major titles in men's doubles. This 2013 championship comes 15 years after he teamed with Serena Williams to win his first two mixed-doubles majors, at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open.This is the first major mixed title for Hlavackova, who also won the 2011 French Open in women's doubles.The winners get,000 each.
2	 Dancers aren't just the tools of choreographers and directors, but their lifeblood. It comes down to trust: Once a dancer steps onstage, the symbiotic studio relationship is transformed. Alone, the dancer balances that evanescent power of responsibility and freedom.In, such moments could be found in different corners. Irina Dvorovenko, in the Encores! production of  On Your Toes  at City Center, was reborn as a jaw-dropping comedian, using every inch of her body, from her slinky back to her slicing legs, to steal the show as the Russian prima ballerina Vera Baronova.Just as Ms.
0	 GLENDALE, Ariz. — The understudy Wade Phillips played an N.F.L. head coach on Sunday, and in some respects, it was as if nothing had changed since the last time he inhabited the role. Phillips, relieved of his lead position with a one-win Dallas Cowboys team three Novembers ago, was again at the helm of an underachieving Texas team, a Super Bowl contender gone bad.There were degrees of difference in the script this time as Phillips guided the two-win Houston Texans against the Arizona Cardinals (5-4) at University of Phoenix Stadium. Jason Garrett, a former N.F.L.
0	  Yankees catcher Chris Stewart has a collection of baseball memorabilia in a special room in his house, replete with autographed jerseys, caps, bats and other items, including bobblehead dolls. Lots of bobblehead dolls.It is a collection that Stewart has cultivated for years, and one he cherishes. But it has been relatively incomplete so far, wanting for that one signature figurine to make it whole. Got to get that Derek Jeter bobblehead,  Stewart said about Monday night's giveaway for the first,000 fans.
3	  FRANKFURT — The European Central Bank said Thursday it would keep interest rates low  for an extended period of time,  an unprecedented commitment for an institution that had steadfastly refused to offer guidance on its future policy.With the promise of easy money, Mario Draghi, the president of the E.C.B., offered more certainty to investors at a time when tensions in the euro zone are rising again. So-called forward guidance is considered one of the tools available to central banks, but one the E.C.B. had never used before.The E.C.B. kept its main rate at a record low of.
0	  FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — Ryan Spadola is close to attaining what he had thought was unattainable. Spadola, a rookie free agent from Lehigh, has been one the most surprising players with the Jets this preseason. Now, he may make the team's 53- man roster .Not bad for a wide receiver who was never offered a major Division I scholarship.Spadola, 22, will try to solidify his chances in the Jets' last exhibition game Thursday against the Philadelphia Eagles .
2	 How hot was it? So hot that the New York Philharmonic skipped half its program on Tuesday night, prompting scattered protests from disappointed concertgoers who chanted,  We want Dvorak. The orchestra was appearing in Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx for the last of its free outdoor summer concerts. The plan was to perform the program the orchestra had played the night before in Central Park and last week in parks in Queens and Brooklyn: Tchaikovsky's Fifth Symphony and the Dvorak Cello Concerto, with the orchestra's principal cellist, Carter Brey, as soloist.
4	 A wealthy Houston couple have donated $10 million to Head Start to keep its programs running through this month despite the government shutdown .John and Laura Arnold, who made billions in a hedge fund founded by Mr. Arnold, gave the money to the National Head Start Association.Head Start, the government -financed program that provides meals, medical screenings and preschool training for nearly a million children from low-income families, has been facing severe shortages because of the stalemate over federal funding in Washington . Programs serving about,200 children were awaiting grants that would normally have been issued Oct. 1.
2	 The Royal Opera House in London has announced that part of its lineup from the 2013-14 season will be simulcast for the first time in more than 500 movie theaters in the United States . The series begins with Puccini's  Turandot  on Oct. 24 and. The other works scheduled for 2013 are Puccini's  Tosca  on Nov. 7 and 10 and Verdi's  Vêpres Siciliennes  on Dec. 5 and. Also planned are Wagner's  Parisfal  (Jan. 9 and; Puccini's  Bohème  (Feb.
2	 Brass and percussion players from the Dallas Symphony Orchestra were to have presented a half-hour prelude to The 50th, the city's official commemoration of the anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which took place at noon on Friday outdoors in Dealey Plaza, the site of the shooting. The short concert, which was to have begun with Leonard Bernstein's  Fanfare for the Inauguration of J.F.K.,  fell victim to the cold, wind and rain (actually, sleet at times.
2	 With extremely weak domestic ticket sales over the weekend for  R.I.P.D.  and  Turbo,  Hollywood has now sustained six big-budget duds since May, the start of the film industry's high-stakes summer season. The other failing movies have been  After Earth,    White House Down,    Pacific Rim   and   The Lone Ranger . A couple of misfires, sure. But six?Studios point to a number of problems, starting with that ever-pesky criterion, quality.
1	 Today, keeping things clean as a way to ward off germs and infections just makes sense . But before antibiotic-resistant superbugs became a hospital's biggest concern, there were the bad old days when doctors would move from surgery to surgery without washing. And surprisingly it was only during the 20th century that sterilization evolved from a simple and very new concept into one of the most important life-saving practices in medicine.In, the United States was dealing with a public health crisis — the relatively unknown virus Poliomyelitis, more commonly known as polio, was infecting large swaths of the American population.
2	  Oprah Winfrey was winding up her long-running talk show when the director Lee Daniels came calling. Mr. Daniels, who had worked with Ms. Winfrey when she was an executive producer and supporter of his 2009 film,  Precious: Based on the Novel 'Push' by Sapphire,  told her that he had a part for her in his new film . Despite pleading time constraints — she was starting her television network, OWN — Ms. Winfrey said she was ultimately compelled to embrace the project because it represented  something bigger than ourselves.
0	 PETAH TIKVA, Israel — A rampant Spain beat the Netherlands 3-0 on Wednesday to set up a semi-final against Norway in the Euro Under-21 championships .Three Spain strikers scored in a flowing performance as a much-changed Netherlands side, who will now clash with Italy in the second semi-final, were less tight in defence than in their two previous tournament outings. Real Madrid's Alvaro Morata slotted home an easy chance in the 26th minute to set the dominant Spaniards on course for victory.
0	 LONDON — The song does not have a catchy hook, mostly because its lyrics are in three languages.The song is not particularly original, mostly because it was inspired by a piece that was written nearly 300 years ago and was intended for use at the coronation of a king known for having numerous mistresses and an ill-tempered personality.The song has never spent a day on Billboard's Top 100 (or any other chart, for that matter, mostly because it is not available for purchase or download and has never been a part of the rotation on any significant radio station .
1	 The architectural feats of animals — from beaver dams to birds' nests — not only make for great nature television, but, since the plans for such constructions seem largely inherited, they also offer an opportunity for scientists to tackle the profoundly difficult question of how genes control complicated behavior in animals and humans.A long-term study of the construction of burrows by deer mice has the beginnings of an answer.
2	 The Tennessee pop-punk band Paramore, fronted by Hayley Williams, is attempting a reintroduction. It has to. Its self-titled fourth album, just released on Fueled by Ramen, follows two years of turmoil in which the brothers Josh and Zac Farro, the nine-year-old band's founding guitarist and drummer, quit. On his blog Josh Farro called Paramore  a manufactured product of a major label  and accused Ms. Williams of hogging the spotlight. She stood up for her band and its authenticity on MTV . (Zac Farro later said his brother had regrets about the post.)Now the remaining members — Ms.
4	 NEW BOSTON, Tex. — Scottie Forcey nervously drummed his fingers behind the thick glass in the Telford Unit's visiting room as the camera shutter snapped, capturing images of the 21-year-old convicted murderer. I want some pictures. I ain't seen myself in like  — he paused to count on his fingers —  five years. I know I look different. Check it out.  He pressed his prison ID card against the glass. In the photo, a plumper, baby-faced 17-year-old stared at the camera.Mr. Forcey was convicted in 2009 of fatally shooting Karen Burke, a 52-year-old Alvarado convenience store clerk.
2	 The independent documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock made his name by making himself ill with too many Big Macs in the 2004 movie  Super Size Me,  tweaking one of the biggest American corporations . So it came as a surprise to hear that he had signed on to direct  One Direction: This Is Us,  the authorized documentary of the most popular boy band on the planet, a Pepsi-sponsored group created in the commercial petri dish of Simon Cowell's  X Factor  talent competition show.
2	 IT PROBABLY SEEMED LIKE a good idea at the time for the members of the British glam-metal band Wrathchild to be so peacockishly come-hither on the cover of their 1984 album  Stakk Attakk.  With songs like  Trash Queen  and  Too Wild to Tame,  no doubt they took pride in their toweringly teased locks, baby-doll lips and strappy S-and-M gear. But nearly 30 years later the image doesn't quite scream Beasts of Metal. It more whispers, Lady Clown.
3	 BARTON, England — Driving down a bumpy country road in northwest England, one comes upon a bare patch the size of a soccer field at the edge of a peat bog. Workers are erecting a security fence and unrolling watertight film to protect the soil from chemical contamination. Near the middle is a big rectangular hole where a drilling rig will go.Inauspicious as it may look, what happens on this patch of ground in the coming months could help determine the future of Britain's, and even Europe's, approach to shale gas .
4	 A secretive nonprofit group with ties to the billionaire conservative businessmen Charles and David Koch admitted to improperly failing to disclose more than $15 million in contributions it funneled into state referendum battles in California, state officials there announced Thursday .The group, the Arizona -based Center to Protect Patient Rights, is one of the largest political nonprofits in the country, serving as a conduit for tens of millions of dollars in political spending, much of it raised by the Kochs and their political operation and spent by other nonprofits active in the 2010 and 2012 elections .
0	 Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce arrived in Brooklyn on Thursday in gray suits, not Celtic green. Still, as they were introduced as the two most dynamic additions to the Nets, it was hard not to recall all the toughness they demonstrated for six years together in Boston .Now, in what may be the final chapter of their N.B.A. careers, they hope to make the Nets a viable contender for an N.B.A. title . If nothing else, they will be an irksome presence for many Knicks fans, for whom anything Celtic, even former Celtic, is irritating.
3	 The Exxon Mobil Corporation, which has drawn much criticism for policies related to its gay and lesbian workers, said on Friday that it would extend health insurance and other employee benefits to married same-sex couples effective Oct. 1.The move is an about-face for the company, which had defied pressure from human rights groups, pension funds and some of its own shareholders that had asked the company to protect gay and lesbian employees from discrimination in the United States . But Exxon Mobil's latest change of heart on same-sex benefits was not a result of soul-searching .
0	  LOS ANGELES — Gregg Marshall sat atop a stage, squinted at the bright lights that reflected off his glasses and tried to make sense of all that had occurred the past two weeks. He needed a few more hours, both to process and to explain.Let's see. The N.F.L. quarterback Tim Tebow addressed Marshall's Wichita State Shockers on their team plane. His forward, Carl Hall, cut off his dreadlocks and mailed them home to his mother. His glasses, the ones with the bright yellow frames, were analyzed on social media .
0	  Chris Stewart had a unique feeling in April. It was the first time he had begun a second consecutive season with the same team, working with the same pitching staff and following the instructions from the same manager and coaches. It was a good feeling, he said, but it turned out to be fleeting.After a taste of being a regular catcher for the first time, Stewart was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates from the Yankees on Monday for a player to be determined.
3	  Home Depot on Tuesday raised its 2013 forecast for the third time this year as rising home prices encouraged more Americans to invest in their properties and complete delayed projects. Quarterly profit for the chain, the nation's biggest in home improvement, beat analysts' estimates for the sixth quarter in a row.Home Depot's third-quarter results gave fresh evidence that the American housing market continues to heal after years of weakness. A bubble in the sector was at the core of the 2007-9 financial crisis .
3	 A federal judge approved a.6 billion settlement on Friday in a class-action lawsuit against Toyota to compensate vehicle owners who suffered financial losses after widespread reports of sudden, unintended acceleration in 2009 and.Owners who sold their vehicles at a loss through trade -ins and resale will receive from $125 to,000, depending on the level of depreciation. The settlement represents the end of the economic battle between Toyota and customers after several years of allegations of mechanical and electronic defects, though it does not cover individual personal-injury and wrongful death lawsuits that are still pending.
0	 Shane Victorino's hard grounder eluded first baseman Josh Thole for an error as Jonathan Diaz raced home with the winning run in the ninth inning Sunday, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays at Fenway Park .The Red Sox have 50 victories by the end of June after winning 69 all last year, and they are in first place in the American League East one year after finishing last.
3	 I'M a partner and chief creative officer at Puccini Group. We conceptualize, design and operate restaurants, mainly in the hotel industry. So most of my business travel involves pitching new clients or researching cities for business development purposes. I'm an architect by training and I like seeing new places and how they are designed, so I don't really mind the travel.I've had some great conversations with seatmates. People are usually interested in my work since everyone likes restaurants . I've been lucky that so far no one has ever said they've hated some restaurant that I've designed.
0	 NEW YORK — New York Jets running back Mike Goodson was suspended by the NFL for the first four games of the season for violating the league's substance abuse policy .Goodson, signed as a free agent in the offseason, rejoined the team Monday after being away all of training camp for personal reasons that the Jets declined to detail. He was placed on the team's active/non- football injury/illness list. I've been away from the team to take care of some important personal things,  Goodson said in a statement issued by the Jets.
2	  We must be doing something right to last 200 years,  sings Haven Hamilton (Henry Gibson, the pint-size star who rules country music in  Nashville, Robert Altman's ramble through those twin peaks of American obsession, entertainment and politics.  Nashville  both undermines Haven's optimism and upholds it: A country that produces a movie this vibrant and layered must be doing something right, right?Pauline Kael called Altman's opus  an orgy for movie lovers.  It still feels that way: an epic that understands the intimate, a satire with room for genuine emotion. And it's a jamboree.
3	  SAN FRANCISCO — Every so often, an extraordinary image makes the rounds on the Internet that shows an ominous gray cloud over the Beijing area, as seen from a satellite . Rather than a rain cloud, it is a shroud of pollution, the type that has caused fear and anger in China's worst-hit cities.But China's pollution, while extremely severe, is not unique, and efforts by other countries, like Britain and the United States, to conquer dirty air may hold lessons for China's future.
3	 CHANGSHA, China — The cavernous rail station here for China's new high-speed trains was nearly deserted when it opened less than four years ago .Not anymore. Practically every train is sold out, although they leave for cities all over the country every several minutes. Long lines snake back from ticket windows under the 50-foot ceiling of white, gently undulating steel that floats cloudlike over the departure hall. An ambitious construction program will soon nearly double the size of the 16- platform station.
3	 LONDON — The British oil giant BP plans to step up its defense against litigation stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill as it continues to endure the financial fallout from the disaster, reporting weaker-than-expected earnings on Tuesday.BP's chief executive, Robert W. Dudley, told reporters that the company was determined to fight what he called  false and fictitious  claims under a settlement last year with lawyers for businesses that incurred damage from the spill.The oil giant said that the administrators of the settlement had made excessive payments to businesses, including to some that did not suffer damage.
2	 THE DWARFS are still present. As is the poisoned apple. But  Blancanieves,  a silent black-and-white film opening March, updates the Brothers Grimm fairy tale   Snow White   in a decidedly non- Disney way: The fairest of them all does a lot less whistling and a lot more bullfighting.That's not the only change. The writer-director, Pablo Berger, has moved the setting to southern Spain and reached deep into the pockets of film history to tell the story of Carmen (Macarena García, pictured, the daughter of a famous bullfighter living with her vicious stepmother, Encarna (Maribel Verd.
1	  HONG KONG — A major international meeting on wildlife trade ended on Thursday with final decisions to extend protections for dozens of animal and plant species — including five types of sharks — that have come under severe pressure from soaring demand and overfishing. Conservationists welcomed the decisions by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, or Cites, to regulate trade in the threatened species, including for the first time trade in mantas and five shark species: the oceanic whitetip, the porbeagle and three types of hammerhead sharks .
0	  MONTREAL — The Boston Celtics will play a preseason game against the Minnesota Timberwolves in Montreal next season as part of the NBA's Canadian series.The NBA announced the pairing on Tuesday. The teams will play at the Bell Centre in Montreal on Oct. 20. It's the second season the league has held preseason games in Canada .The Wolves have been at the forefront of the influx of international players into the NBA in recent years with the likes of Ricky Rubio, Nikola Pekovic, Andrei Kirilenko and J.J. Barea.The Celtics have a history of playing outside the United States .
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Fresh off drilling into a rock for the first time, the Mars rover Curiosity is prepping for the next step: dissecting the pulverized rock to determine what it's made of.Images beamed back to Earth on Wednesday showed a tablespoon of gray powder in Curiosity's scoop, giving scientists their first glimpse of the sample collected during the drilling nearly two weeks ago . Over the next several days, Curiosity will sieve the powder and deliver a pinch to its onboard laboratories for analysis.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Ryan Sweeney and Cody Ransom hit back-to-back homers in a four-run first inning and that was plenty for Jeff Samardzija, who pitched the Chicago Cubs over the St . Louis Cardinals 4-2 Tuesday night . Chicago started fast against Adam Wainwright (10-4) and broke a five-game losing streak in St . Louis. Pinch-runner Shane Robinson was called out for interference while trying to break up a double play to end the game.
3	  DETROIT — The Ford Motor Company said on Wednesday that its net income improved 15 percent in the first quarter to.6 billion, as record results in North America compensated for losses in Europe and South America .Two other big automakers, Daimler and PSA Peugeot Citroën, said that they expected weak sales in Europe to drag down their profits throughout this year.Ford, the nation's second-largest automaker after General Motors, said its overall revenue grew 10 percent in the quarter to.8 billion, and its market share continued to increase in the United States .
0	  FORT MYERS, Fla. — It was high noon on the sun-splashed campus, and Sherwood Brown looked perky despite having arrived from Philadelphia at 3 in the morning. He posed for picture after picture after picture with a small army of fans of America's newest basketball darlings, the Florida Gulf Coast University Eagles .Most fans joined Brown, the Atlantic Sun Conference player of the year, in sticking their tongues out at the cameras. It was his way of showing some love to his fans and fellow students during games. (In a nod to tradition, he also blows kisses.
3	  WASHINGTON — Boeing acknowledged on Tuesday that its original tests of the lithium-ion batteries on its 787 planes underestimated the risks of fire, though it defended its previous assessment that such a hazard was extremely unlikely.At the start of a two-day hearing held by the National Transportation Safety Board, Boeing's chief engineer on the, Mike Sinnett, said the calculation that a battery would fail only once every 10 million flight hours applied to the design of the battery and did not include possible manufacturing flaws. The testimony seemed to point to GS Yuasa, the Japanese manufacturer of the battery .
3	  TOKYO — The pink Toyota Crown sedan that took center stage at a holiday event here last week was meant to shock, and it did.The Crown, the preferred ride of staid Japanese executives, had received an edgy makeover. With a new oversize grille, vamped-up hybrid engine and an unveiling at a fashion mall, there was nothing stodgy about this car. My initial reaction was: 'You're kidding! Please, not pink,'   Akio Toyoda, the Toyota chief executive and a scion of the Japanese automaker's founding family, told reporters at the event.  But being reborn does mean taking on new challenges.
4	 Two states that hired the same lead contractor to build their online marketplaces for health insurance under President Obama's Affordable Care Act have experienced so many problems and delays that they are threatening to withhold millions of dollars in payments to the company and even seek refunds. Massachusetts health officials said they will meet in early January to decide whether to suspend payments to the company, CGI Federal, which has also been criticized — and questioned during a congressional hearing — for its central role in building the problem-plagued federal health insurance exchange .
0	  CINCINNATI — The undisputed King of Clay, Rafa Nadal could soon extend his reign to the hardcourt after establishing himself as the red-hot favourite for the U.S. Open with back-to-back wins in Montreal and Cincinnati .With eight French Open titles, Nadal may be the best ever on the dirt but the Spaniard has also stood tall this year on the American hardcourts, where he remains unbeaten with a 15-0 record.
3	 AUSTIN, Texas — On the subject of genetically modified foods, the United States and Europe could hardly be farther apart. U.S. grocery stores are well stocked with genetically modified cereals and other products, while Europeans have found ways to keep them off the shelves.But recently, a few fissures have appeared on both sides of the Atlantic.In pockets of the United States, momentum is building behind the concept of labeling genetically modified foods (crops whose genetic makeup is altered to increase yields and to more effectively resist problems like pests and drought.
0	 NEWPORT, R.I. — Nicolas Mahut certainly knows a little something about being on court for a long time. Judging by his smile, it was a lot better feeling this time.The 31-year old Frenchman captured the title at the Hall of Fame Tennis Championships on Sunday, beating Lleyton Hewitt of Australia, 7-5, 6-3.Mahut, a 2007 Newport finalist and a wild-card entrant this week, won his second career ATP title . The other came at 's-Hertogenbosch last month.
2	 The idea might sound familiar: An opera company leaves its home for an itinerant life performing a handful of new or rare operas each year at venues across New York.No, it is not the late, lamented New York City Opera, which filed for bankruptcy in October when it failed to raise enough money to continue to mount productions around the city after it left its longtime home in Lincoln Center .
4	  SACRAMENTO — A landmark law that has been a symbol of California's tough environmental philosophy for more than 40 years is facing an unlikely challenge from Democrats, including Gov . Jerry Brown, who contend that regulations protecting the environment have been abused and are thwarting legitimate development.With the Legislature moving toward adjournment this week, prospects of weakening the law, known as the California Environmental Quality Act, seem stronger than in recent memory, lawmakers said. Mr. Brown called rewriting the law  the Lord's work,  and the effort has won widespread support from newspaper editorial boards .
2	 When Time magazine first asked Henry Grossman to photograph the Beatles, at their American television debut on  The Ed Sullivan Show  in February, he thought of it as just another assignment — a journey into the realm of teenage fads, and less exciting than the sessions he had done with world leaders, actors and opera singers. Mr. Grossman, who was 27 at the time, preferred classical music ; at, he still shoots production photos for the Metropolitan Opera .Pictures from the Beatles' Sullivan show appearances are plentiful, but Mr.
3	 PARIS — Ryanair, the Dublin-based budget airline, confirmed Thursday that it had fired one of its most senior pilots and was pursuing legal action against him after the pilot raised safety questions about the airline's fuel policy in a British television interview .The move was the latest response by Ryanair, Europe's largest airline by passengers, to recent accusations from some of its pilots that the airline occasionally skirts certain European safety regulations and discourages employees from reporting their concerns.
4	  DENVER — A paroled Colorado inmate grievously wounded after a gun battle and high-speed chase with Texas law-enforcement officers on Thursday is suspected of being tied to the killing of the head of Colorado's prison system.Sheriff David Walker of Wise County, Tex., said the authorities had tentatively identified the suspect as Evan Spencer Ebel, 28. Court records in Colorado show that Mr. Ebel has a criminal history dating to, including convictions for robbery, weapons charges and assault . He was on parole in the Denver area.
4	 PORTERVILLE, Calif. — The mayor of Porterville did not give it much thought when a local gay activist in this remote Central Valley farming town asked her to proclaim June a month of gay pride . But when the mayor, Virginia R. Gurrola, settled into her seat at City Hall to sign the proclamation, people were pouring out of the chambers and into the hallways, citing Scripture in opposition to what she had thought of as a simple ceremonial gesture. Her four fellow City Council members announced they would not join her in signing the document.And as of last week, Ms.
0	 (Reuters) - For PGA Tour veteran Jim Furyk, it was once again a case of so close and yet so far as he relinquished the 54-hole lead to finish alone in third place at the weather -delayed BMW Championship Lake Forest, Illinois on Monday.After spectacularly becoming only the sixth player to shoot a 59 on the U.S. circuit in Friday's second round at Conway Farms Golf Club, Furyk led by two shots with eight holes to play before recording three bogeys over the closing stretch.
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans who signed contracts to buy existing homes in November was nearly unchanged from October, suggesting sales are stabilizing after several months of declines. The National Association of Realtors said on Monday that its seasonally adjusted index for pending home sales ticked up to.7 from.5 in October. The October figure was revised lower from an initial reading of.1. Higher mortgage rates and strong price gains over the last two years have slowed sales. The pending home sales index had fallen for five straight months before November.
1	 A comet that spent the first.5 billion years of its existence in the farthest reaches of the solar system will almost graze the furnace of the sun on Thursday.Comet ISON's close approach — and its possible demise, from the sun's heat and gravitational forces — will give scientists an unprecedented look at the ingredients that came together to form the planets. It's a dinosaur bone of solar system formation,  said Carey M. Lisse, a senior research scientist at the Applied Physics Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University, during a NASA news conference on Tuesday.
2	  Netflix and Amazon are working hard to get us used to the idea that online shows can look and feel just like prime-time television, but not everyone in the original- streaming-video business is following the same path. Yahoo is adding five new shows to its Yahoo! Screen site on Monday, and they're Web Video Classic: 6- to 12-minute episodes of uncomplicated, inexpensive comedy . If   House of Cards   is too much work for you, Yahoo has you covered.
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — NaVorro Bowman got burned on an onside kick that could have cost the 49 ers a win, and the thought of that stung.For a few plays is all.Everything changed in a hurry when San Francisco's standout linebacker ended up with a loose ball in his hands and ran 89 yards to seal a 34-24 victory against the Atlanta Falcons on Monday night and another 49 ers playoff berth in the final regular-season game at iconic Candlestick Park. I was the guy who missed the ball on the onside kick,  Bowman said.
3	 PARIS — After years of resisting efforts to further liberalize store hours, France's Socialist prime minister signaled Monday that Paris was prepared to discuss changes to labor laws that more than a century ago established Sunday as a mandatory day of rest for most workers.At a time of weak economic growth and high unemployment, a growing number of French retailers have begun to openly chafe at restrictions that since 1906 have barred merchants, with some exceptions, from keeping their doors open on Sunday.
0	 Playoff berths within sight, Miami, Chicago, Green Bay and even Super Bowl champion Baltimore succumbed to the pressure. Things will be even tighter next week in their season finales.Maybe those four teams chasing division titles or wild-card berths need to emulate the Eagles and Cardinals, Bengals and Chargers, who made definitive and positive statements Sunday.Of course, they could go the other way in their finales and replicate the recent performances of the Lions, who completely folded when the squeeze was put on them.
2	  Television viewers who enjoy a study in contrasts will be served a doozy on Saturday night : stand-up comedy specials by Bill Cosby on Comedy Central and Sarah Silverman on HBO .But pointing out that these two well-known comics work a drastically different brand of material is too easy. Of course Mr. Cosby presents a family-friendly set in  Bill Cosby: Far From Finished,  even opening it with a bit about how people were shocked that he was filming for Comedy Central, where the language can be salty. And of course Ms.
2	  Not on the outside looking in,  Gregory Porter crows in passing during  The 'In' Crowd,  one of the few cover songs on  Liquid Spirit,  his soulful and assured new album. And in case you didn't detect the mix of pride, validation and relief in that ad-libbed status report, Mr. Porter soon offers another one —  It feels nice  — that forms a malleable refrain as the tune struts to a close.Mr. Porter, 42, is a jazz singer of thrilling presence, a booming baritone with a gift for earthy refinement and soaring uplift.
3	  WASHINGTON — The United States economy grew at a surprisingly robust.1 percent annual pace in the third quarter, the Commerce Department said on Friday. It was the strongest advance in nearly two years and only the third time the economy had expanded that quickly from one quarter to the next since.It is the latest evidence that the generally sluggish recovery is gaining strength, though economists noted that the rate of growth over a longer period remained at a trot, not a gallop — a pace of about.5 percent a year.
2	 It's a good time to be the former Melvin Kaminsky of Williamsburg, Brooklyn — known to the world as Mel Brooks. Now, this Oscar, Tony- and Emmy-winning writer, director, performer, producer and indefatigable comic force of nature will receive the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award on June 6 in Los Angeles .  Mel Brooks: Make a Noise,  an  American Masters   portrait, will be shown on Monday on PBS (check local listings, and  History of Mel Brooks Part I,  a film retrospective, runs through July 21 at the IFC Center.
4	  Gov . Pat McCrory of North Carolina signed into law on Monday new requirements for clinics performing abortions, saying the measure added safety protections for women. The act followed weeks of protests by abortion-rights advocates who said the rules would restrict access to the procedure.The new law, passed in the waning days of North Carolina's legislative session, places sweeping new restrictions on abortion clinics, including a requirement that doctors have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals .Mr.
2	 In 1961 Clarence Earl Gideon was arrested on charges of stealing soda, beer and a small sum of cash from a pool hall in Panama City, Fla. Unable to pay for a lawyer, he represented himself at trial, and was later convicted and sentenced to five years in prison . Mr. Gideon appealed his conviction to the Supreme Court, which ruled unanimously that the right to counsel in a criminal case is fundamental to the American justice system. Fifty years after that landmark case, Gideon v.
3	 ALTOFTS, England — A proposed high-speed railroad known as HS2 is Britain's biggest and most controversial transportation plan, a Continental-style  grand projet  meant to ease crowded trains and congested tracks, reduce automobile traffic and generate economic growth .Supported by the three main political parties, High Speed 2 is also supposed to help rebalance Britain's lopsided economy, spreading wealth from the affluent southeast to the scrabbling, post-industrial north .Yet as cost estimates have risen — the budget now stands at.6 billion, or.8 billion — so has opposition to the project.
2	 Early in the premiere of   Real Husbands of Hollywood,  the comedian Kevin Hart shows up for an afternoon party at a huge Los Angeles home where the grill is being tended by Nick Cannon, the actor, comedian and husband of Mariah Carey . Where she get this house?  he says, referring to Ms. Carey.  I ain't know she had this house. Mr. Cannon, wearing an  I ♥ Mimi  apron, is peeved.  First off, this is my house,  he snaps.  I bought this house before I got married to Mariah. Mr.
4	  BALTIMORE — Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan, in his final address as president of the nation's Roman Catholic bishops, called on them Monday to take up the cause of Christians in places like Iraq, Syria, Nigeria and India who are persecuted and killed for their faith.It was a notable shift in priorities. For the last two years the bishops have poured their time and resources into a campaign to fight what they saw as serious threats to religious liberty in the United States .
3	 For nearly 40 years, Bob Woodward has been considered a near-saint by many journalists for helping break the Watergate scandal and a scourge by conservatives for doing the same. This week, that flipped after Mr. Woodward publicly criticized the White House, saying he had been told he would  regret  his reporting on the fiscal impasse .His feud with an unnamed official, first reported in Politico, which said Mr. Woodward clearly saw the administration's choice of words  as a veiled threat,  initially drew cheers from many conservative commentators and bewilderment from many Washington reporters who wondered whether Mr.
2	 Righteous guitar noise began and ended the memorial for Lou Reed on Monday night at the Apollo Theater. It was a celebration, for an invited audience of family and friends, of what more than one speaker called his  complexity: his kindness and his asperity, his spirituality and his earthiness, his groundbreaking music and his silent meditations. He lived for beauty,  said his widow, the performance artist Laurie Anderson.  Lou knew what he was doing and what he was going for. His incredible complexity and his anger were part of his beauty.
3	 The Stuart Weitzman ballet flats from Neiman Marcus sported sweet faux fur pom-poms. The Alice and Olivia coat was trimmed with a dark faux fur collar.The problem was that the faux fur was, in fact, real fur.That's right: it was faux faux fur.In a forehead-slapping development, Neiman Marcus and two other retailers, DrJays.com and Eminent, on Tuesday settled federal claims that they had marketed real fur as fake fur. The supposedly fake stuff was actually rabbit, raccoon and, possibly, dyed mink.
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — If golf really is a game of misses, Jim Furyk was having one of those days where he didn't miss much.Despite making his only bogey of the opening round at the last hole, he'd just wrung a 65 from notoriously tough Oak Hill . Furyk deftly navigated his way around an even dozen questions in the interview room afterward.Then came No. 13.It was about failure in general, Furyk's meltdown at last year's U.S. Open in particular, and whether golfers ever shake off memories of the most painful ones.
4	  WASHINGTON — On any given day, about 300 immigrants are held in solitary confinement at the 50 largest detention facilities that make up the sprawling patchwork of holding centers nationwide overseen by Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials, according to new federal data.Nearly half are isolated for 15 days or more, the point at which psychiatric experts say they are at risk for severe mental harm, with about 35 detainees kept for more than 75 days.
0	 COLUMBIA, S.C. — Freshman Alaina Coates scored a career-high 23 points on perfect shooting to lead No. 10 South Carolina to its 21 st straight win over South Carolina State, 70-26 on Sunday.The 6-foot-4 Coates made all seven of her field goal attempts and was 9 of 9 at the free throw line for the Gamecocks, who had any easy time putting away the overmatched Lady Bulldogs (1-8) of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference .Coates left the game after connecting on her second three-point play with about 5 minutes left.
3	 FOR viewers driven to drink by the Academy Awards on Sunday, Oscar had something different for them to consider imbibing.Around:38 p.m. Eastern time, almost at the end of the broadcast, ABC showed a commercial for Baileys Irish Cream liqueur, sold by Diageo. The commercial — within a pod, or break, that also contained spots for Hyundai, J. C. Penney and McDonald's — is believed to be the first for a distilled-spirits brand to appear nationally during the annual Oscars show.
0	 LONDON — When a 16-year-old like Croatia's Donna Vekic bursts on to the big stage by reaching tournament finals the words  next big thing  are never far behind.The pitfalls of surviving the assault course of professional women's tennis have swallowed up many an emerging talent, yet when a former great like Chris Evert starts talking up the London- coached Croatian it is worth listening. She has tremendous mental ability and is tremendously confident and poised for someone of just,  18- times grand slam champion Evert said this week.
0	 The Michigan star Mitch McGary is out indefinitely after deciding to have surgery on his lower back.McGary's absence leaves the Wolverines in a tough spot, with Big Ten play just around the corner. McGary helped Michigan reach the Final Four last season when he was a freshman, and he was a preseason all-American selection after deciding to return to the Wolverines rather than enter the N.B.A. draft.Now Michigan's hopes for another run through the N.C.A.A. tournament have taken a hit.
0	  Robbie Rogers generally prefers to avoid reminiscing. Even this week, as he considered all that had happened over the past 12 months — his decision to announce his sexual orientation, his brief retirement and his return to soccer as the first openly gay male athlete in a prominent North American professional league — he interspersed his memories with sizable dollops of excitement about what lies ahead.
1	 What works in science and math education ? Until recently, there had been few solid answers — just guesses and hunches, marketing hype and extrapolations from small pilot studies.But now, a little-known office in the Education Department is starting to get some real data, using a method that has transformed medicine: the randomized clinical trial, in which groups of subjects are randomly assigned to get either an experimental therapy, the standard therapy, a placebo or nothing.The findings could be transformative, researchers say.
4	 The Obama administration on Tuesday moved to curb political activity by tax-exempt nonprofit organizations, with potentially major ramifications for some of the biggest and most secretive spenders in American politics.New rules proposed by the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service would clarify both how the I.R.S. defines political activity and how much nonprofits are allowed to spend on it. The proposal covers not just television advertising, but bread-and-butter political work like candidate forums and get-out-the-vote drives.
3	 Leon W. Weidman, a federal prosecutor who has been instrumental in the government's campaign to take civil action against Wall Street over the financial crisis . Admit that you, and I and others in the magnificent '1%' grew up in a gilded age of credit. Bill Gross, the billionaire bond analyst and co-founder of Pimco, who in his recent investment newsletter called on the  Scrooge McDucks of the world  to take time out from swimming in their wealth to give back some of it to those who are less well-off.
3	  WASHINGTON — One of the economic mysteries of the last few years has been the bigger-than-expected slowdown in health spending, a trend that promises to bolster wages and help close the wide federal deficit over the long term — but only if it persists.Major new studies from researchers at Harvard University, the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and elsewhere have concurred that at least some of the slowdown is unrelated to the recession, and might persist as the economy recovers . David M.
4	  WASHINGTON — Chuck Hagel appears to have weathered a concerted and vocal campaign to derail his chances for defense secretary, with President Obama likely to nominate him as early as next week, administration and Congressional officials said Friday.Since Mr. Hagel's name emerged as a candidate for the Pentagon in early December, conservatives, pro-Israel groups and gay rights organizations have raised objections to his views on Israel and Iran, as well as disparaging comments he made about a gay former diplomat. Administration officials cautioned that Mr. Obama has not made a final decision or offered Mr. Hagel the job.
4	 As President Obama and Democratic leaders are preparing a major push to overhaul the immigration system, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida is asserting his leadership among Republicans on the volatile issue, previewing a proposal that includes measures to give legal status to millions of illegal immigrants .Mr. Rubio, a Cuban-American in his first term whose star is rising rapidly in his party, has outlined views in recent days that set him apart from many other Republican conservatives, who reject any legalization as a form of amnesty that rewards immigrant lawbreakers. Mr.
4	 DEARBORN HEIGHTS, Mich. — Shortly before 1 a.m. on Saturday, Nov. 2, a young woman, just a year out of high school, crashed the car she was driving along a residential street on Detroit's west side.The woman, Renisha Marie McBride, 19, had veered into a parked car. As people emerged from their houses, she appeared disoriented and troubled, some witnesses said, walking off into the darkness before returning for a time, then walking off again. Someone heard her say she wanted to go home.
1	 The floodwaters from Hurricane Sandy had barely receded in New York last fall when the suggestions started coming for ways to keep the city and other low-lying areas safe in future storms .Higher flood walls and more bulkheads were needed, some experts said. Others called for even bigger engineering projects, like storm-surge barriers, to keep the water at bay.But the most intriguing suggestions involved natural approaches.
2	 Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose. No filmmaker was more identified with the New York Film Festival 's first decade than Jean-Luc Godard; now entering its second half-century with a new programming director, Kent Jones, the festival is poised to begin New York's first comprehensive retrospective devoted to... Jean-Luc Godard.The most extensive previous American survey of Mr. Godard's oeuvre, organized by the Museum of Modern Art in, included only his post-1974 work.
4	  WASHINGTON — Vance McAllister, a 39-year-old college dropout and Army veteran, managed to vanquish a formidable Republican opponent backed by the party's establishment, win a special election in Louisiana's Fifth District in a 20-point landslide, and score an endorsement from the star of   Duck Dynasty . But until Wednesday, Mr. McAllister somehow had never managed to set foot in the nation's capital — where he is to be sworn in Thursday as the newest Republican member of Congress .
2	 How many Nashville stalwarts does it take to keep Taylor Swift in country music ? That's the question that was asked again and again at the 47th annual Country Music Association Awards on Wednesday night .
1	  LOS ANGELES — There's a dangerous but basic equation behind the killer Yarnell Hill wildfire and other blazes raging across the West this summer: More heat, more drought, more fuel and more people in the way are adding up to increasingly ferocious fires.Scientists say a hotter planet will only increase the risk .More than two dozen wildland fires are burning from Alaska to New Mexico, fueled by triple-digit temperatures and arid conditions.
1	 For his master's thesis research, Andrew Martin, an evolutionary biologist, studied the periodical cicada, an insect that lives underground and emerges once every 13 or 17 years. Traveling the United States from Georgia to Illinois to New York, Dr. Martin, now a professor at the University of Colorado, spent a summer up close with the cicadas. At each site, he would handle anywhere from 30 to 50 of them.The cicadas' bodies were greasy to the touch, he recalled, and their abdomens were often coated with a whitish-green powder. It is a fungus that sterilizes and ultimately kills the insects.
0	 CORTLAND, N.Y. — Steve Hagen has coached football in Illinois, Kansas and Arizona . And in Indiana, Nevada and Ohio . And in Iowa, California and North Carolina . And, now, New Jersey, with the Jets, the latest stop in his 30-year odyssey.In all, Hagen has held 16 jobs, at 12 colleges and with 2 N.F.L. teams . Some places, like Las Vegas and Cleveland, were so nice, he worked there twice.He has toiled in the same town as the College Football Hall of Fame ( South Bend, Ind.
0	 (Reuters) - Brazil have recovered their Confederations Cup -winning form in time for Tuesday's friendly against Portugal in Boston, coach Luiz Felipe Scolari said.The 2014 World Cup hosts, despite being depleted by injuries, bounced back from a poor 1-0 defeat by Switzerland last month to romp to a 6-0 win over Australia in Brasilia on Saturday. The 6-0 was marvellous. We played at a very good rhythm, it didn't look like a friendly, the team performed as in the Confederations Cup,  Scolari was quoted as saying on the Brazilian Football Confederation's website (www.cbf.com.br.
4	  Intelligence officials released secret documents on Tuesday showing that a judge reprimanded the National Security Agency in 2009 for violating its own procedures and misleading the nation's intelligence court about how it used the telephone call logs it gathers in the hunt for terrorists .It was the second case of a severe scolding of the spy agency by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to come to light since the disclosure of thousands of N.S.A. documents by Edward J. Snowden, a former contractor, began this summer.The newly disclosed violations involved the N.S.A.
0	 LONDON — And then there were two. The final game in the Confederations Cup on Sunday comes down to Spain, the best team in the world, against Brazil, the best in history, in the Maracan, unquestionably one of the most evocative soccer stadiums on earth.Even if we separate the sport from the uprising in the streets, this World Cup rehearsal has been a tough tournament. And, as host nations invariably do in modern times, Brazil has made sure its most feared opponent took the longest and most tortuous road to the final.
4	 UNIVERSITY PARK, Tex. — Standing in front of the magisterial brick-and-limestone George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum on Thursday, Bill Clinton summed up the day with a knowing smile.  I told President Obama,  he said,  that this was the latest, grandest example of the eternal struggle of former presidents to rewrite history. All five veterans of the Oval Office onstage could relate to that: If every memoirist is the star of his own story, every president is the hero of his own library.So the protagonist who emerged as Mr.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Something was wrong with the video playing behind the R&B singer Frank Ocean as he rehearsed this week for Sunday's Grammy Awards . The video was projected on a screen behind Mr. Ocean and onto a three-sided box around the keyboard in front of him, creating the surreal illusion that he was running down a desert road while he sang. But the images were slightly out of sync with the recorded track over which Mr. Ocean vocalized: his torso and his legs didn't quite line up. Rather than dreamy, the effect was disjointed.
2	 Conducting the New York Philharmonic in the city parks from a portable pavilion with heavy-duty amplification is hardly an ideal condition for making music. But Alan Gilbert, a New York native, born to two violinists in the orchestra, grew up attending the Philharmonic's parks concerts. For him, conducting these programs is central to his vision of what the orchestra's music director should be.
3	  LOS ANGELES — For much of the last decade, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has been troubled by financial turmoil and infuriating production stops and starts, including a debacle in which Tom Cruise helped run its United Artists label.Is it possible, just maybe, that the studio finally has its act together? It certainly appears that way, even as some questions remain.Shares of MGM Holdings' thinly traded over-the-counter stock have risen 50 percent since April, to about.50. Revenue almost tripled in the last quarter, to $339 million, according to the company .
0	 The NFL's concussion settlement may not have settled anything.On Wednesday, two former Super Bowl champions — Troy Aikman and John Lynch, now Fox Sports broadcasters — contended the league has more work to do.Aikman wants the NFL to divulge more details about what it knew regarding the long-term impact of repeated blows to the head, and when it knew it. Lynch said he expects even more litigation after the league tentatively agreed last week to pay out $765 million to a group of former players.
3	 FRANKFURT — Unemployment in the euro zone continued its steady rise in May, according to data published Monday, underscoring the human effects of a financial downturn that has lasted a year and a half.The jobless rate in the 17 countries that belong to the euro zone was.1 percent in May, adjusting for seasonal effects, according to a report from Eurostat, the European Union statistics agency . That figure compared with 12 percent in April, which was revised down from.2 percent reported earlier. Based on the revised figures, May unemployment was at a record high . Eurostat estimated that.
2	 The director Robert Stone likened his discovery of nuclear power's positive potential to hearing the Sex Pistols for the first time: both opened worlds of possibility for him. It's a challenging comparison, but not surprising coming from Mr. Stone, who is trying to upend beliefs and expectations with his documentary  Pandora's Promise. The film, which was released on Wednesday, seeks to counter more than 40 years of sentiment against nuclear power, some of which Mr. Stone, 54, has been responsible for himself.
4	  Congress now has an array of legislative options to prevent the interest rate on student loans from doubling to.8 percent on July, as scheduled.With student loans topping.1 trillion — and held by one in five American households — many families are questioning why students should pay so much when market interest rates are so low.On Thursday, Representative John Kline, a Minnesota Republican who is chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, introduced legislation that would provide a long-term solution, tying interest rates to the government's cost of borrowing, as the Obama administration proposed in its budget.
2	 Even though hip-hop has countless shades, colors, splinter wings and internal dissenters, it's still often spoken about as if it were an undifferentiated mass. Many consider it an outsider phenomenon, even though hip-hop has effectively become the center of pop music . This attitude partly stems from age, race and other things, but mainly from a refusal to see the world as it has become.
3	 LONDON — The big automakers and car rental companies are taking matters into their own hands.Instead of letting the popularity of car-sharing disrupt their business, they are joining in, and even taking the lead, with their own new ventures in the hopes of holding onto existing customers and connecting with future ones.Daimler and the rental giant Europcar have joined forces to create Car2Go, while BMW has teamed up with the car-rental company Sixt to form DriveNow. Both companies offer a technology-driven twist on the on-street rental model made popular by Zipcar, which itself is owned by Avis.
2	 If your Valentine's Day plans are already made, and they involve Champagne, limousines, prix fixe menus and generally gallant behavior, you can stop reading. There's nothing here for you.But if you have no special plans, then we're here to tell you that television can be your anti-Valentine's date this Thursday night, with an array of programming reflecting our recessionary, sardonic, insecure times.You'd be hard pressed to find anything that offers a traditional flowers-and-chocolates view of romance.
4	  Federal contractors have identified most of the main problems crippling President Obama 's online health insurance marketplace, but the administration has been slow to issue orders for fixing those flaws, and some contractors worry that the system may be weeks away from operating smoothly, people close to the project say. Administration officials approached the contractors last week to see if they could perform the necessary repairs and reboot the system by Nov. 1. However, that goal struck many contractors as unrealistic, at least for major components of the system.
4	 With fewer than 24 hours until the new health insurance exchanges are scheduled to open, even some of the states that have prepared the most are describing Tuesday as a  soft launch  and warning of technical glitches and other delays, The Times's Abby Goodnough reported Monday.And given the response to Tara Siegel Bernard's Your Money column over the weekend, confusion over the provisions of the law and how the exchanges will work is mounting as millions of consumers begin to focus on the changes for the first time.
2	 When the Global Poverty Project staged a benefit concert with Neil Young, the Black Keys and Foo Fighters in Central Park last fall, skeptics wondered if that nonprofit's attempt to generate pressure on world leaders to help the poor would fade as soon as the amplifiers and guitars were put away.But this week the charity proved it had won converts, at least within the music industry .
3	 DEARBORN, Mich. — The Ford Motor Company said on Wednesday that its net income rose 19 percent in the second quarter, to.2 billion, as it reported record sales in North America and Asia and reduced losses in Europe.Ford surpassed analysts' expectations by reporting global revenue of.1 billion, an increase of 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago. Pretax operating profit was.6 billion, up $726 million .Strong sales in North America continued to carry the company as it lost money in Europe and restructured its operations there and invested heavily in China .
4	 With the expected addition of Californians after Wednesday's Supreme Court ruling, some 30 percent of Americans will live in states offering same-sex marriage .Now the two sides of the marriage wars are gearing up to resume the costly state -by- state battles that could, in the hopes of each, spread marriage equality to several more states in the next few years, or reveal a brick wall of values that cannot be breached. There is wide agreement from both sides on where the next battlefields will be.
4	 The Texas Legislature's redistricting mission was supposed to be easy-peasy: zip in for a special session, ratify the court -drawn maps used as a stopgap in the 2012 elections, close the legislative books and go home.The attorney general said the Legislature could cut away some of the tangled litigation that had the state defending its maps in separate federal courts in Washington and San Antonio . The special session would be over in seven to 10 days, lawmakers said.
3	 LONDON — Oman and the global oil giant BP said on Monday that they had agreed to jointly develop a major, technically challenging natural gas field in the country's desert interior.BP plans to use approaches relatively new to the Middle East, including horizontal wells and advanced hydraulic fracturing, to release gas that is tightly embedded in sandstone. Some of the wells at the field, called Khazzan, are likely to be as deep as,500 meters, or approximately,000 feet.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.03 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.07 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.01 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKCity of Kansas City, Mo., $208 million of refunding revenue bonds . Bank of America .
2	 Early on in  This Is the End,  a fame-inflected look at the end of days, Michael Cera, played by Michael Cera, is impaled and hoisted high above Los Angeles, wriggling, covered in blood and patting his pockets for his lost cellphone . He finds the phone, but the rest of it doesn't go so well. We had to kill Cera first,  Seth Rogen, who directed the movie with Evan Goldberg, said in a phone call.  It just felt right.
0	  The Denver Nuggets raised more than a few eyebrows this summer.Coming off a team-record 57 victories, and another first-round playoff exit, the Nuggets let executive of the year Masai Ujiri leave for a big contract with the Toronto Raptors and also parted ways with coach of the year George Karl.It was the kind of wholesale change usually associated with the league's bottom feeders. And with four losses in their first five games, there were some nervous Denver fans.
4	 TUCSON — The parents of Jared L. Loughner, the man who killed six people and wounded 13 others during a meet-and-greet event hosted by former Representative Gabrielle Giffords in, told the authorities after the mass shooting that they had become so concerned about their son's strange behavior in the previous months that they had taken away his shotgun, insisted he get psychological counseling and had even begun to disable his car so that he could not go out at night, according to thousands of pages of documents related to the case released Wednesday .
2	 France may be fabled as the country where the notion of the director as auteur first and most firmly took root, but Paris is certainly among the few cities where a public square is named after a screenwriter. La Place Michel-Audiard is in the Petit-Montrouge quarter of the 14th Arrondissement, a formerly working-class neighborhood where Audiard, the most celebrated  dialoguiste  of the French cinema, was born in.
0	 It was:55 p.m. Wednesday when Andy Murray finally took his first steps toward defending his United States Open title, on a soggy court, in front of a weary crowd, at the end of a very long, very trying tournament day.It was somewhat fitting, considering how patiently Murray waited to win his first major title a year ago, that Wednesday's schedule would drip by as slowly as it did, interrupted by multiple rain delays, pushing the afternoon schedule well past nightfall.
2	 For the first time this year two movies arrived to $30 million or more in ticket sales in North America, giving studios hope that a dismal box-office stretch was behind them.  The Croods,  about a prehistoric family's road trip, took in an estimated .7 million over the weekend, easily enough for No. 1, while  Olympus Has Fallen  took in a stronger-than-expected .5 million, for second place.Even   Spring Breakers,  Harmony Korine's lurid art-house tale of bikini-clad killers, lived up to its hype, taking in about $5 million in relatively limited national release.
0	 If becoming a baseball general manager is to be accepted into an old boys' club, then the annual general managers meetings are their grand convention. The executives spend a few days each off-season sitting through presentations and talking baseball, ending each night with big dinners and drinks at the hotel bar until it closes. Then they do it all again, only bigger, at the winter meetings a few weeks later.These events are about the only times Ben Cherington, Neal Huntington and Dan Duquette have a chance to catch up. Their friendship may be the old boys' club at its most basic.
4	 CROW AGENCY, Mont. — Worlds away from Washington, Audrey Costa wondered aloud about keeping her family warm. A mother of three, she relies on lease payments from the Bureau of Indian Affairs on land owned by her family, which can run up to a few hundred dollars a year, to pay for food and electricity . But since the partial shutdown of the federal government began on Oct. 1, Ms. Costa, 41, has not received a check.
2	  BARCELONA, Spain — There is no sign marking the door to La Poderosa, a dance and performance space on a scruffy street in the Raval neighborhood here. The door itself is low and set a few inches off the ground; to get inside, visitors have to climb up and duck down.Up a flight of dusty stairs is an airy yet cozy loft with a slightly raised platform for performances at one end, a bar at the other and some hand-me-down tables and chairs.
1	 In an experiment that sounds straight out of a science fiction movie, a Duke neuroscientist has connected the brains of two rats in such a way that when one moves to press a lever, the other one does, too — most of the time.The neuroscientist, Miguel Nicolelis, known for successfully demonstrating brain-machine connections, like the one in which a monkey controlled a robotic arm with its thoughts, said this was the first time one animal's brain had been linked to another.
1	  HONG KONG — China on Saturday became the third country to steer a spacecraft onto the moon after its unmanned Chang'e-3 probe settled onto the Bay of Rainbows, state-run television reported. The United States and the Soviet Union are the other countries to have accomplished so-called soft landings on the moon — in which a craft can work after landing — and 37 years have passed since the last such mission.The successful arrival of the Chang'e-3 after a 13-day journey from Earth was reported on Chinese state television .
3	 Executives at the British drug maker GlaxoSmithKline were warned nearly two years ago about critical problems with the way the company conducted research at its drug development center in China, exposing it to potential financial risk and regulatory action, an internal audit found.The confidential document from November, obtained by The New York Times, suggests that Glaxo's problems may go beyond the sales practices that are currently at the center of a bribery and corruption scandal in China . They may extend to its Shanghai research and development center, which develops neurology drugs for Glaxo.
1	 Generations of Eastern European housewives doing battle against bedbugs spread bean leaves around the floor of an infested room at night. In the morning, the leaves would be covered with bedbugs that had somehow been trapped there. The leaves, and the pests, were collected and burned — by the pound, in extreme infestations.Now a group of American scientists is studying this bedbug-leaf interaction, with an eye to replicating nature's Roach Motel.
3	  WASHINGTON — Japan has suspended some imports of wheat from the United States after genetically engineered wheat was found on an Oregon farm. The Agriculture Department announced the discovery on Wednesday. No genetically engineered wheat has been approved for American farming. Japan is one of the largest export markets for American wheat growers. Katsuhiro Saka, a counselor at the Japanese Embassy in Washington, said Thursday that Japan had canceled orders of western white wheat from the Pacific Northwest and also of some feed-grade wheat. In most countries the unapproved genetically modified wheat would be a target of concern,  Mr.
2	 WAGNER AND VERDI are destined to be linked forever, however awkwardly, since they were both born in: Wagner in Leipzig, Germany, on May; Verdi in little Roncole, Italy, in the Duchy of Parma, on Oct. 9 or. (The records are not clear.)They never met and had little good to say about each other. Wagner tended to be circumspect on the subject of Verdi. But in an 1899 interview with a German newspaper Verdi, then, called Wagner  one of the greatest geniuses  who left treasures of  immortal worth.
4	  WASHINGTON — F.B.I. analysts are poring through the cellphone and e-mail accounts of Aaron Alexis, the former Navy reservist who the police say killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard on Monday.In Texas, Florida, New York, Rhode Island and other states, agents have interviewed dozens of co-workers, friends, relatives and people he came in contact with in an attempt to piece together his final weeks. Forensic psychiatrists are building a profile of Mr. Alexis, looking at whether he exhibited traits similar to others who have gone on deadly rampages.
4	  WASHINGTON — After months of agonizing about how to deal with the effects of government spending cuts, senior F.B.I. officials in Washington have decided how they will reduce the bureau's spending : they will shut down its headquarters and offices across the country for roughly 10 weekdays over the next year.The Federal Bureau of Investigation's plans mean that on those days, the bureau will have only a skeleton crew on hand, which raises questions about how effectively it can respond to crime .
0	 New England's Tom Brady watched his long throw sail past rookie Aaron Dobson just as Tampa Bay defensive end Adrian Clayborn pushed 320-pound left tackle Nate Solder into him during a joint practice Wednesday in Foxborough, Mass. Brady hit the ground, rocked backward and held his left knee — the same one he tore up in the 2008 season opener that forced him to miss the rest of the year. Even before he limped off the practice field, Twitter went nuts, and not just because it was a two-time MVP quarterback .
0	  ATLANTA — The last 10 minutes of a college basketball game will never be described as crisp. Between television stoppages and a never-ending procession of coaches' timeouts, the average fan watching an N.C.A.A. tournament game often sees an abundance of commercials, countless team huddles and the odd spurt of game action, which typically has all the rhythm of rush-hour traffic.Lately, though, there seems to be yet another factor grinding down basketball's endgame.
3	 Through a partnership with SolarCity, a residential and commercial installer, Honda and Acura will offer their customers home solar systems at little or no upfront cost, the companies said on Tuesday. The automaker will also offer its dealers preferential terms to lease or buy systems from SolarCity on a case -by- case basis, executives said.The deal, in which Honda will provide financing for $65 million worth of installations, will help the automaker promote its environmental aims and earn a modest return, executives said.
4	  SANTA ROSA, Calif. — A California congressman leading a House Democratic task force on gun violence wrapped up a series of heated and packed town hall meetings on gun control here Thursday night, providing a glimpse into how the debate is resonating beyond Washington after last month's massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn.
0	 The run-up to the men's hockey tournament at the Sochi Olympics in February began in earnest Monday, as Patrick Kane, Sidney Crosby and Alex Ovechkin headed the lists of players invited to the Olympic orientation camps for the United States, Canada and Russia. The orientation camp lists were released four days after the N.H.L. and the league's players association officially agreed to participate in the Sochi Games . USA Hockey invited 48 players to its camp in suburban Washington in late August.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear a pair of cases on whether corporations may refuse to provide insurance coverage for contraception to their workers based on the religious beliefs of the corporations' owners.The cases present a new challenge to President Obama's health care law . The Supreme Court in 2012 upheld another part of the law, one that requires most Americans to obtain health insurance or pay a penalty.The Obama administration has exempted many religious groups from the law's requirements for contraception coverage .
4	 HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — The NCAA wasted no time in challenging a new Pennsylvania law designed to keep the $60 million Penn State fine over the Jerry Sandusky scandal in the state, filing a federal challenge to the legislation hours after Gov . Tom Corbett signed it Wednesday. State and congressional lawmakers have objected to use of the NCAA fine to finance child abuse prevention efforts in other states .The complaint asks a federal judge to throw out the Pennsylvania Institution of Higher Education Monetary Penalty Endowment Act, saying it violates provisions of the U.S. Constitution.
2	 It took Neil Patrick Harris only about three minutes to banish any worries that the fearsome Host Fatigue Syndrome would overtake him and the Tony Awards on Sunday night . Instead he set the bar so high with his introductory flourish that fears of another familiar Tony malady haunted the rest of the CBS broadcast: the dreaded How Do We Top the Opening Number Disease.Mr. Harris was hosting his fourth Tony Awards .
0	  Bartolo Colon scattered seven hits in eight innings as the visiting Oakland Athletics stretched their lead to five and a half games over Texas in the American League West with a 1-0 victory over the Rangers and Yu Darvish on Saturday.The A's have won seven of their last eight games. Texas has gone 2-10 in September and has dropped into the thick of the A.L. wild-card race. Colon (16-6) struck out seven and lowered his career-best earned run average to.73.
4	  BALTIMORE — President Obama, struggling to find his footing after one of his most turbulent weeks in office, will try to push past the moment's political furor with a focus on the few pieces of legislation he believes have a chance in Congress and on executive actions that do not require Republican approval.The president's aides, wary of what they say are Republican attempts to seize on woes as a way of thwarting Mr. Obama's agenda, have ordered the White House staff not to be distracted by approaching hearings on Capitol Hill . Denis R.
4	  WASHINGTON —   Public service was never meant to be an easy living,  Representative John A. Boehner lamented Thursday, moments after he overcame a Republican insurrection to win re- election as speaker of the House. For Mr. Boehner, it may only get tougher from here.After a tumultuous two years in which he struggled to maintain a grip on his fractious caucus, Mr. Boehner — who won the unanimous backing of his party when he was first elected speaker in 2011 — suffered the indignity of 12 Republican defections on the opening day of the 113th Congress .
0	 MADRID — Olimpic de Xativa will look to match the stunning giant-killing feats of fellow third- tier sides Alcorcon and Real Union when they play at Real Madrid's Bernabeu arena in the second leg of the King's Cup last 32 on Wednesday.The team from the town of Xativa near Valencia, known as the birthplace of Pope Alexander VI, held Real to a 0-0 draw on their artificial pitch in the first leg on December, triggering celebrations by home fans in their 3600- capacity Campo de la Murta stadium.
1	  NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev. — An inflatable space pod to be attached to the International Space Station in a couple of years will be like no other piece of the station.Instead of metal, its walls will be made of floppy cloth, making it easier to launch (and then inflate.NASA said Wednesday that it had signed a.8 million contract with Bigelow Aerospace to build the module, which could reach the space station as soon as.
2	  WASHINGTON — When Herbie Hancock learned he was one of the five artists to be honored this year by the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, the surprise, he said, brought him to the verge of tears.  And that doesn't happen to me very often.  To think that they would put me on the list with people I have loved and respected for so many years, it's shocking,  said Mr. Hancock, a 73-year-old master jazz pianist who has won 14 Grammys and an Oscar.  It was like a dream, hard to believe and humbling.
3	 When a BP rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico in, Richard Fry, a top executive at a trucking company, said he noticed something strange about the oil market . Prices spiked quickly, he recalled, and they took much longer to drop. It is too coincidental that companies' prices all go up the same and all come down very, very slowly,  said Mr. Fry, who buys large amounts of fuel for his company, Framptons Transport Services .European authorities are also worried about the forces behind the market .
4	  LOS ANGELES — In the prelude to the 2008 Democratic presidential primary season, the split between the Hollywood mogul David Geffen and Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton represented an early and embarrassing sign of trouble for Mrs. Clinton.Mr. Geffen, previously one of the Clintons' most generous benefactors, criticized the former first lady as overly ambitious and called the former president  a reckless guy.  Hollywood divided, quickly and sharply, between Mrs. Clinton and Barack Obama, then a senator .When Mrs.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — A week after he had plasma therapy for his balky ankles, Nets point guard Deron Williams returned to practice Monday feeling a shade closer to his former self.He added, somewhat sheepishly, an admission that sounded astonishing coming from someone playing professional basketball . I can't dunk,  Williams said.  I can't jump. Even if I tried, off one leg I can't dunk. I can dunk off two, but if I just tried to dunk off my left leg, I can't dunk.
4	  WASHINGTON — The second time around is never as exhilarating as the first, but to President Obama 's most ardent supporters this year brought its own kind of magic.There were crowds and congestion, but the mood around town on Monday — from the streets to the bars to the parties to the hotels to the Mall to the monuments — was exuberant and, compared with, relaxed. It's a lot more laid-back,  said Kerwin Miller, a Washington lawyer who was at a brunch for the Martin Luther King Jr . Foundation at the Hay Adams Hotel .
2	 Viewers who wonder why the clean-cut star of the new CBS police drama   Golden Boy,  beginning Feb. 26, looks familiar might want to picture him instead in a flowing wig. And dead.Theo James, a British actor, is probably best known on these shores as Kemal Pamuk, the dashing Turkish diplomat who died in Lady Mary Crawley's bed in the first season of  Downton Abbey.  Though the role amounted to only a few minutes of screen time, its impact was outsize, setting off nearly two seasons' worth of intrigue surrounding the  Downton  daughter's soiled reputation.
0	 It is moments before tipoff, and Kevin Garnett is a space shuttle, advancing methodically through a complex launch sequence, preparing himself for thunderous flight.His pregame progression — a series of idiosyncratic acts and subtle gestures — has been calibrated and perfected over 18 full N.B.A. seasons and,455 total games. And when he steps onto the Barclays Center court Friday for his first regular-season home game as a Nets player, he will go through it all again, in much the same way as he did as a teenage rookie on the Minnesota Timberwolves .The whole procedure feels automatic, almost mechanical.
2	 FOR those rooting for women to make strides in Hollywood the news that Brenda Chapman, a screenwriter and director of  Brave,  had been replaced at the helm midway through production of that animated film about the flame-haired archer came as a blow last year. The happy ending is that the movie on which Ms. Chapman shares directing credit (with Mark Andrews) ranks eighth at the box office in.Even happier: 9 percent of the top 250 movies at the domestic box office last year were made by female directors. That's substantially higher than the 2011 figure of 5 percent.
4	 A Cleveland man was charged on Monday with killing three women whose bodies were found wrapped in plastic bags over the weekend.The man, Michael Madison, 35, faces three counts of aggravated murder and three counts of kidnapping. His bail was set at $6 million .At a news conference on Monday morning, local officials called the killings in the suburb of East Cleveland  senseless  and said the suspect was  an individual who had no regard for human life . The authorities said Mr. Madison was a registered sex offender who had spent time in prison for attempted rape.
4	 The Cleveland man accused of holding three women captive in his home for a decade entered a guilty plea on Friday in order to avoid the death penalty .The man, Ariel Castro, 53, pleaded guilty to 937 counts, including rape and kidnapping, in a plea agreement with prosecutors . Under the deal, he would spend life in prison without parole and receive,000 additional years. I will plead guilty because of the plea deal,  Mr. Castro said in court .In a hearing on Friday, Judge Michael J. Russo of Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court reviewed the charges and asked Mr.
1	 OSSINING, N.Y. — During lunch hour, the hallways of Ossining High School have a kind of barely contained chaos . Whistles bleed from the gym, students squeeze every last minute of freedom before they're due back in class. Even the library, where Dan McQuaid sat with two of his science teachers two weeks ago, buzzes and hums.None of this hubbub drew even the tiniest acknowledgment from these three. Instead they were there to talk about Dan's cancer research .A 17-year-old senior, Dan is one of 40 finalists in the nationwide Intel Science Talent Search.
1	 If calorie counts won't deter people from overeating, maybe the threat of exercise will.In a recent study, diners who ordered from restaurant menus that listed the amount of brisk walking required to work off each dish were less likely to overeat than those with menus that listed calories or no health information.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Two reports showed Wednesday that American service companies grew more slowly in March and private employers pulled back on hiring . The declines suggest businesses may have grown more cautious last month after federal spending cuts took effect.The Institute for Supply Management said that its index of nonmanufacturing activity fell to.4 last month. That is down from 56 in February and the lowest in seven months. Any reading above 50 signals expansion.Slower hiring and a steep drop in new orders drove the index down. A gauge of hiring fell.9 points to.3, the lowest since November.
1	 For all the adorable images of cats that play the piano, flush the toilet, mew melodiously and find their way back home over hundreds of miles, scientists have identified a shocking new truth: cats are far deadlier than anyone realized.In a report that scaled up local surveys and pilot studies to national dimensions, scientists from the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute and the Fish and Wildlife Service estimated that domestic cats in the United States — both the pet Fluffies that spend part of the day outdoors and the unnamed strays and ferals that never leave it — kill a median of.
3	 BERLIN — Less than 10 percent of people surveyed in the European countries hardest hit by the region's debt crisis say that their leaders are doing a good job at fighting corruption, a survey by the anticorruption group Transparency International has found.The results reflect a crisis of faith in government since the debt crisis crippled the economies of much of the euro zone beginning in.The survey, released on Tuesday, revealed a deep chasm between elected leaders and the people they govern.
0	  CHICAGO — The Chicago Bears are back in the playoff race, and they can thank Josh McCown for that. McCown threw for a career-high four touchdowns, and the Bears scored on their first eight possessions to grab a share of the NFC North lead with a 45-28 victory over the Dallas Cowboys on a frigid Monday night .The Bears (7-6) retired Hall of Famer Mike Ditka's number at halftime and pulled even with Detroit in the division race on a night when the game-time temperature was in single digits and the wind chill factor was below zero.
3	  WASHINGTON — Private sector hiring rose in November at the fastest clip in a year, opening the door wider for the Federal Reserve to start tapering its stimulus campaign within the next few months.A separate report from the Fed described the economy as expanding at a  modest to moderate pace  in October and early November. Other data on Wednesday also pointed to a brightening outlook, with the services industry expanding at a solid pace last month and exports attaining a high in October.
3	 OMLIANG COMMUNE, Cambodia — Yim Lon nurses bitter memories of how three years ago the local authorities forced her and her family to dismantle their small home and move it to make way for a sugar plantation.The Phnom Penh Sugar Company paid her a few hundred dollars, less than a tenth of what Ms. Yim, 53, says she believes the family's small plot of farmland was worth. She dreams of being allowed to move their two-room house, made of wood planks and steel siding, back to the site near a stream where they used to grow rice.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Police Chief Charlie Beck stood in front of a bank of television cameras on Sunday afternoon facing what seemed like two impossible tasks: luring in a fugitive former police officer accused of three murders and simultaneously assuring the public that his department was not backsliding on accusations of racism and corruption .For the last four days, dozens of law enforcement agencies across Southern California have been searching for Christopher J. Dorner, the former officer who posted a manifesto online promising revenge against Los Angeles police officers and claiming that racism had led to his firing.
4	 CHICKAMAUGA, Ga. — Deanne Westbrook had tried everything to keep her husband, Ronald, in the house.He was. Alzheimer's had erased much of his talent for music and flying airplanes.No one is sure how, in the frigid hours before dawn last Wednesday in this small north Georgia community near the Tennessee border, Mr. Westbrook ended up nearly three miles from home with a handful of other people's mail, jiggling Joe Hendrix's doorknob.Mr. Hendrix, 34, stepped onto his porch with a Glock pistol in his hand and his fiancée inside on the phone with a 911 dispatcher. He fired four shots.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Joe Kelly began the season in the St . Louis Cardinals' bullpen with an electric fastball and an identity crisis .At the moment, Kelly has become The Stopper.The right-hander allowed four hits over six solid innings to win his fourth straight start and the Cardinals moved back into a tie for first place in the NL Central with a 7-2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday.Kelly (7-3) walked two and struck out five while remaining unbeaten since being moved to the starting rotation full-time in July. He's kind of figured himself out,  St .
3	 On a cool mid-September afternoon at the California horse ranch of the life coach Martha Beck, two blindfolded, crouching men came to an impasse . The men had been told to think of themselves as animals and to use only their sense of hearing to try to locate and tag each other — all in an effort to awaken the senses and instincts presumably deadened by desk jobs and smartphones .But neither one would move, so nothing was happening.
3	 MADRID — Portugal's finance minister, Vítor Gaspar, unexpectedly resigned Monday amid a prolonged recession that citizens have attributed largely to austerity measures that he helped enforce in accordance with the demands of the country's international creditors .Mr. Gaspar, an economist who had previously worked at institutions including the European Central Bank, joined the center-right coalition government shortly after Pedro Passos Coelho was elected prime minister in June.
4	 In the largest study of its kind, military medical researchers have concluded that deployments to war zones and exposure to combat were not major factors behind a significant increase in suicides among military personnel from 2001 to, according to a paper published on Tuesday.The study, published online by The Journal of the American Medical Association, corroborates what many military medical experts have been saying for years: that the forces underlying the spike in military suicides are similar to those in the civilian world. They include mental illness, substance abuse, and financial and relationship problems.
0	 PALM HARBOR, Fla. — The PGA Tour event in Tampa Bay has new life with a new title sponsor.The tour announced Friday that Valspar, a Minneapolis -based paint company, has signed on as the title sponsor for the next four years. The Valspar Championship will be March, and it keeps intact a Florida swing of four straight tournaments in March.The tournament is held on the Copperhead course at Innisbrook, which several players regard as one of the best tournament courses in Florida .BB&T Corp., out of Winston-Salem, N.C., will be the presenting sponsor for the next four years.
4	  WASHINGTON — In more than a dozen classified rulings, the nation's surveillance court has created a secret body of law giving the National Security Agency the power to amass vast collections of data on Americans while pursuing not only terrorism suspects, but also people possibly involved in nuclear proliferation, espionage and cyberattacks, officials say.The rulings, some nearly 100 pages long, reveal that the court has taken on a much more expansive role by regularly assessing broad constitutional questions and establishing important judicial precedents, with almost no public scrutiny, according to current and former officials familiar with the court's classified decisions.
1	 A jewelry store is an archive of the Earth. Every gem fixed to every ring or necklace was forged deep inside our planet, according to its own recipe of elements, temperature and pressure.But it has taken a while for geologists to decode the cookbook for gems. Jade, for example, puzzled geologists for decades.  For a long time people looked at this crazy rock, and it didn't make any sense,  said George Harlow, a geologist at the American Museum of Natural History . But thanks to the research of Dr.
2	 I had asked for her response to the bizarrely retrograde comments a few respected male musicians had made recently about female conductors. In August, the young Russian maestro Vasily Petrenko told an interviewer that players, presumably men,  react better when they have a man in front of them.  He added,  A sweet girl on the podium can make one's thoughts drift toward something else. Not long after, controversy erupted over comments that Bruno Mantovani, a composer and the director of the Paris Conservatory of Music and Dance made on French radio.
0	  ST . PETERSBURG, Fla. — Jeremy Hellickson pitched six scoreless innings and six different Tampa Bay players drove in runs to lead the surging Rays to an 8-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Saturday.Taking up where they left off in allowing just two hits in a 2-1 victory in the opener of a three-game series at Tropicana Field, Rays pitchers limited the Orioles to four singles to beat their AL East rivals for the fifth straight time.
4	  DETROIT — A federal judge on Wednesday ruled that a case contesting Michigan's ban on same-sex marriage would go to trial early next year, one among some 30 such challenges playing out in courthouses around the nation.Here, advocates for same-sex marriage and even some opponents had speculated that the judge, Bernard A. Friedman, of the Eastern District of Michigan, might go further and overturn the state's nine-year-old constitutional amendment on marriage as early as Wednesday.Some gay couples said they had already made plans to seek marriage licenses .
2	 One recent afternoon at the dance school Ballet Tech, the choreographer Eliot Feld watched as Joyce Ha, an angelic young student, rehearsed a solo from his exuberant and charming   Meshugana Dance.  Over its raucous klezmer music, he shouted:  I can't count your teeth! How many are there? In that instant, Ms. Ha's shoulders softened as she grinned back. Her hops became more buoyant, her feet more jaunty. You could see her for the lovely, lyrical dancer that she will become — or already is, at the ripe age of.Every year, roughly,000 students like Ms.
0	 BERLIN — Former Germany international Horst Hrubesch has been reappointed as coach of Germany's under-21 team after their early exit at the European championship this month, the German football association (DFB) said on Friday.Hrubesch, who replaces Rainer Adrion, coached the under-21 team to the European title in 2009 before taking over the under-18 team.Tournament favourites Germany went out of the European under-21 championship in Israel with two consecutive defeats while Germany's under-19 and under-17 teams failed to even qualify for their European championships .
0	  PARIS — The French Open semi-final between defending champion Maria Sharapova and Belarussian third seed Victoria Azarenka has resumed after a 30-minute rain interruption on Thursday. Azarenka had leveled the match by taking the second set, after the Russian second seed had won the opener, when the covers were brought on to Court Philippe Chatrier .The second semi-final will feature world number one Serena Williams of the United States and Italian fifth seed Sara Errani .
0	 At the French Open in Paris recently, Tommy Haas was deep into a fifth set with John Isner, and in Florida, Nick Bollettieri was yelling and cursing at the television. Do it Tommy, just stay calm and just run around in the middle of his serve, and do a god darn disco dance to throw him off, anything,  Bollettieri recalled saying.  I was actually trying to get to him inside the television. If I could have crawled in there with him, I would have.
3	  President Obama, who took responsibility for the problem-filled rollout of the Affordable Care Act . He announced new rules that will let insurance companies keep people on health care plans that would not have been allowed under the new law. Once you created a super-Delta and a super- United, you had to create a super-American. George Hoffer, a transportation economics professor at the University of Richmond.
0	 It was a rough week for the Nets ' Brook Lopez, the high-scoring center with the frizzy curls, the surfer-dude baritone and the thoroughly underappreciated skills. No matter how many points he scored or how many games the Nets won, the unkind story lines kept coming, through no fault of his own.One day, Lopez was being sucked back into the Dwight Howard trade vortex. The next, he was being passed over for the All-Star team. It was not a great week for self-esteem.
0	 MADRID — Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has refused to discuss Gareth Bale amid reports the Tottenham Hotspur winger is poised to join the nine- times European champions for a world record fee.Bale's move to the Spanish capital has been widely flagged in Spanish and British media and is said to be worth 99 million euros ($133 million, eclipsing the price of around 95 million Real paid Manchester United for Cristiano Ronaldo in.
4	 FANCY FARM, Ky. — The menu outside the Knights of Columbus hall boasted 9 tons of barbecue pork and mutton, 225 pounds of purple-hull peas and,400 pounds of potato salad.But it was the feast of political insults that drew hundreds to a shed nearby, where Senator Mitch McConnell and challengers on his left and right participated in a venerable Kentucky tradition — the annual Fancy Farm picnic, where candidates hurl mocking one-liners while trying to keep their composure in the face of yelling, sign-pumping hecklers.This year's event, on Saturday, was especially raucous because Mr.
3	 Members of a union representing thousands of Boeing employees voted late Wednesday to reject a controversial labor deal that would have cut compensation but have kept assembly of the company's new 777X jets in Washington State, raising the chance that Boeing will move more production away from its traditional manufacturing base in the Seattle area .
3	 One reason that offshore wind has not caught on in the United States is the steep cost of erecting a tower in the water, but researchers at the University of Maine tried another approach on Friday by launching a floating wind machine. It is the first offshore wind installation in United States waters, according to the Energy Department, which helped pay for it.The tower, launched in Brewer, Me., sits on three hollow concrete tubes and will be anchored in the Gulf of Maine .
4	 KILLEEN, Tex. — Choosing small details to underscore the government's larger murder case against Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, a prosecutor on Thursday told a jury of senior Army officers that on the day the major went on a deadly rampage in, he had stuffed paper towels into the cargo pants of his combat fatigues to muffle the metallic clanging of 16 magazines as he walked — a total of 420 rounds for his laser-sighted semiautomatic pistol.After the massacre, when investigators entered his barren apartment, they found rolls of paper towels on a card table.
2	 There are so many ways to be young: ignore responsibility, look wide-eyed at the world, rile up elders, don't deliver on promises, make fun of the incomprehensible, avoid feeling, believe in yourself over all others. It's part liability, part opportunity. Sometimes it's a fixed condition, sometimes it's a choice. Wolf  is the third album from Tyler, the Creator, and it shows him, at, trying to figure out exactly which types of youth he still wants to hold onto. It's not just one. It may be all. Maybe the only other artist as resistant to growing up is Taylor Swift .
4	  CHICAGO — A gunman involved in a shooting that wounded 13 people at a South Side park on Thursday night was armed with an assault -style rifle equipped with a high- capacity magazine, the police said on Friday. A military-grade weapon on the streets of Chicago is simply unacceptable,  Garry McCarthy, the Chicago police superintendent, said at a news conference, where he issued another of his frequent calls for tighter state and federal gun laws .Among the wounded was a 3-year-old boy, who was struck in the face but was expected to survive.
3	  LOS ANGELES — Hunkered down. Lawyered up. Looking over your shoulder for the prosecutors .That is a not a comfortable way to do business . But it may become business as usual for those who have been struggling to make China both a customer for Hollywood films and a partner in the production of them.Last March, word reached several studios of a confidential inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department into possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by people or companies involved in the China film trade .
3	 As Delta Air Lines executives tell it, the carrier's bright and spacious new terminal at Kennedy Airport in New York reflects the industry's new priorities.Rather than compete on the lowest fares — a race to the bottom over the last decade that just weakened them — the airlines are now seeking to lure passengers with better amenities and service.
4	  We are up and running,  said one health insurance company official on Tuesday, even as the Web sites for many of the state marketplaces, and for www.healthcare. gov, the source of information about the health plans being run by the federal government, seemed plagued by technical problems . Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina reported that it was experiencing higher volumes of calls and online queries regarding coverage than usual, as well as more visits to its retail stores . Florida Blue, another insurer, estimated volume across the board on Tuesday was about 20 percent higher than usual.
2	 In an unusual response to provisions in a new European copyright law, scheduled to take effect by, Sony Music has released a compilation of early Bob Dylan recordings that is bound to become one of his most collectible albums.  The 50th Anniversary Collection,  which carries a subtitle —  The Copyright Extension Collection, Vol. 1  — that explains its purpose, was rushed to only a handful of record shops in Germany, France, Sweden and Britain just after Christmas.
4	  WASHINGTON — Kenneth T. Scott opposes abortion, and he says so in public. Sometimes he holds up large pictures of aborted fetuses. Sometimes he makes his points near churches that he believes are not doing enough to combat abortion. A couple of years ago, the Supreme Court ruled that hateful antigay protests at military funerals deserved First Amendment protection . It will soon decide whether to hear a sequel, this one involving Mr. Scott.On Palm Sunday in, he and other protesters turned up near an Episcopal church in Denver .
4	  DETROIT — After a two-week investigation, the prosecutor here charged a white suburban homeowner on Friday with second-degree murder in the killing of an unarmed young black woman . The prosecutor rejected the man's assertion that he had been acting in self-defense when he opened his front door and fired a shotgun at the woman through a locked screen door, striking her in the face.The man, Theodore Paul Wafer, who is white and an employee at the Wayne County Airport Authority, entered a not- guilty plea during an arraignment on Friday. Mr.
0	  BOSTON — Getting to this, baseball's biggest stage, had never been the Boston Red Sox ' strong suit. Generations passed without World Series appearances. Seasons were too often marred by misfortune, blunders, collapses; promise was unfulfilled, and hopes were annually dashed.The team won titles in 2004 and, of course, but success has been so coveted that the Red Sox still greet the World Series with what seems like an unquenchable thirst. It was palpable in Fenway Park on Wednesday night, all that coiled aggression, and the Red Sox took less than an inning to unleash it.
2	 The music video is in black and white . It consists entirely of women dancing in high heels, wearing identical, flesh-hugging outfits that expose their upper thighs. It is not Beyoncé's  Single Ladies,  probably the most famous dance video of this century. It is  Stop,  by the choreographer Susan Marshall.The similarities are intentional, as are the differences. In  Stop,  there are two equal dancers, rather than a star flanked by two look-alikes. The choreographic structure is a little more complex, with more counterpoint, less unison.
2	 Before I showed up, no one in my family was musical, played an instrument or even sang in a choir. I found music on my own. In a way, my eureka moment came early, when my parents bought me a little toy piano and, like Schroeder in  Peanuts,  I started picking out tunes on it. I campaigned to get a real piano. It wasn't until I was 8 that, seeing that I was serious, my parents complied. One day a boxy old upright was hauled into our home on Long Island .
4	  WASHINGTON — Joshua Banka's prodigious appetite for drugs killed him. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court considered whether to hold a drug dealer who had sold heroin to Mr. Banka responsible for his death.In, just before Mr. Banka was scheduled to enter a court-ordered drug rehabilitation program, he decided to go on one last bender. He smoked marijuana; crushed, cooked and injected OxyContin; took a variety of prescription drugs ; and topped them off with heroin he had bought from Marcus A. Burrage.Mr. Burrage was convicted not only of selling the heroin but also of being responsible for the death.
3	 SHANGHAI — The police in Shanghai have arrested a British investigator who specialized in advising foreign investors on fraud, cheating and other business risks in China, a spokeswoman for the British Embassy in Beijing said on Wednesday.The investigator, Peter Humphrey, has been held by the Shanghai police since early July. He is managing director of ChinaWhys, a risk management consulting firm that has done work for GlaxoSmithKline, the British pharmaceutical group that is facing graft and bribery allegations in China, raising speculation that his detention might be linked to that case .
4	  WASHINGTON — The short-term plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that President Obama outlined this week is achievable with some new programs and better management of existing ones, the new energy secretary, Ernest J. Moniz, said in an interview on Thursday. But he said reaching a longer-term goal would require bigger reductions as well as action from Congress .When Mr. Obama first ran for president, he pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the United States 80 percent by, compared with 1990 levels.Mr. Obama's interim goal, for, is a 17 percent reduction in global warming gas emissions compared with.
4	 CLINTON, Miss. — To her admirers, Michelle Obama is the patron saint of quinoa, charged with reducing the nation's dangerous obesity rate and helping children eat better. To her detractors, she is the fun-killer, possessed with crushing America's cookies.But either way Mrs. Obama has taken her message once again on the road and is making clear that her campaign for healthy school lunches and fewer fat children will not be deterred.
0	  WEST POINT, N.Y. — A little more than a year ago, Stanford did not have Tyler Gaffney, and Gaffney did not want Stanford . He wanted baseball, not football . He wanted to play center field for the Pittsburgh Pirates .For the summer of, Gaffney lived with a host family, the Oylers, on a quiet residential circle five miles southwest of Beaver Stadium, in State College, Pa. — a tough place, he acknowledged, to kick a football habit.But he tried. When the Oylers' young son, Trey, wanted to toss a football in the backyard, Gaffney brought his baseball glove.
0	 Brian Cashman spoke for 50 minutes 31 seconds at his annual end-of-season news conference Tuesday, an unusually long dialogue . But after a disappointing 2013 season, in which the Yankees failed to make the playoffs for only the second time in 19 years, there were many topics to discuss. Cashman has already begun addressing the club's most urgent needs, beginning with an aggressive move to re-sign Manager Joe Girardi .
2	 PARIS — When Bérénice Bejo talks about her 2012 Oscar loss for her performance in   The Artist,  she admits she was disappointed.She is less disappointed that she didn't win than that she didn't lose to Meryl Streep, who won for  The Iron Lady  in the best actress category.It seems that Harvey Weinstein, who bought the French film, decided that Ms. Bejo would have a better chance at an Oscar if he slotted her in the supporting actress category. He was wrong.
2	  THERE WAS THIS FEELING that 'You can't put a diva in a trunk,'   the director Michael Mayer is saying, eyes alight with triumph, during a break from rehearsals for his bold new production of  Rigoletto,  which opens on Monday evening at the Metropolitan Opera .His excitement derived from the restoration of a wished-for element in the staging of the third act that had been abandoned as too difficult, or at least insufficiently respectful of the gentle handling that is a diva's due.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the House and Senate prepare to meet next week to work out differences in their farm bills, lobbying efforts are intensifying to get last-minute changes to the,000-page legislation that sets the nation's farm and nutrition policies.Work on the farm bill was delayed after contentious battles in the House over proposed cuts to the food stamp program, and the bill was stalled further by the government shutdown .
2	  LOS ANGELES — A few months into awards season, at a party celebrating another movie, a veteran actor- writer-director -producer, who takes his Academy Awards duties very seriously, whispered to me that he was sure  Lincoln  would win big on Oscar night.  Because it's Lincoln,  he said.  It's like not voting for George Washington . And you really feel like you get to know Lincoln. We can't not vote for our favorite president.
0	 NEW YORK — Grand slam king Roger Federer showed off his fitness by sprinting into the round of 16 at the U.S. Open on Saturday, beating Adrian Mannarino 6-3 6-0 6-2 to turn out the lights on Day Six of the tournament.Playing the closing contest of Saturday's night program, Federer ran through games as though he had a taxi cab waiting outside the stadium with the meter running and hurtled past the unseeded Frenchman in 81 minutes. I like it like this,  said Federer .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear a major case challenging Environmental Protection Agency regulations of greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources like power plants . The justices declined to hear a variety of related attacks on the agency's authority to address climate change .The case is a sequel to Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency, a 2007 decision that required the agency to regulate emissions of greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles if it found they endangered public health or welfare.
0	  BOSTON — For all appearances it was business as usual on a sparkling Wednesday afternoon in Boston where the hometown Bruins prepared to host the Chicago Blackhawks in the Stanley Cup Finals .Across town, Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox were getting ready to host the Tampa Bay Rays at Fenway Park .On Boylston Street, tourists and locals - many sporting Bruins jerseys and Red Sox ball caps - were wrapping up their day before spending the evening watching their team of choice.
1	 Girls outperformed boys in more countries in a science test given to 15-year-old students in 65 countries — but in the United States, boys led the girls. Countries in Asia and Northern Europe had high scores, and 15-year-old girls consistently outscored boys. But the opposite was true in the United States, where boys scored.7 percent better than girls. The trend in Western European countries and the Americas was similar; boys performed better than girls. Students in Eastern and Southern Europe, and the Middle East, had slightly lower overall scores, but girls consistently did better than boys.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the Senate edged toward a divisive filibuster vote on Chuck Hagel 's nomination to be defense secretary, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, sat silent and satisfied in the corner of the chamber — his voice lost to laryngitis — as he absorbed what he had wrought in his mere seven weeks of Senate service.Mr. Hagel, a former senator from Mr. Cruz's own party, was about to be the victim of the first filibuster of a nominee to lead the Pentagon.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The string of revelations over the past 48 hours about sweeping government surveillance of American telephone records and Internet activity by foreigners, including e-mail, stirred expressions of concern across the country on Friday — along with something of a collective national shrug.It was not that people were not upset to learn that the government might be tracking their telephone calls, Facebook posts and Yahoo accounts.
4	  WASHINGTON — A year after a plan by President Obama to limit greenhouse gas emissions from new power plants set off angry opposition, the administration will announce on Friday that it is not backing down from a confrontation with the coal industry and will press ahead with enacting the first federal carbon limits on the nation's power companies .The proposed regulations, to be announced at the National Press Club by Gina McCarthy, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, are an aggressive move by Mr.
2	 On Wednesday the tarnished cooking-show queen tearfully told Matt Lauer on NBC's  Today  that she was provoked into using a racist epithet only once, when an African-American robber held a gun to her head, as she put it,  a world ago.  (Actually, it was.)And now she says unnamed enemies are using her word — the one she alluded to using more than once in a legal deposition in May — against her.  Someone evil out there saw what I worked for and they wanted it,  she said.Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — In the latest twist in a high-level debate that has divided national security officials in the Obama administration, the Pentagon announced Friday that the top official overseeing the military commissions system would not drop the charge of conspiracy against Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and the four other defendants in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks .The chief prosecutor for the tribunals, Brig. Gen. Mark Martins, said last week that he was seeking to have the charge dismissed.
3	 The chief executive of Hyundai's American unit, who for five years navigated the company through the recession to huge growth, will step down next week, the company said in an abrupt announcement.The chief, John Krafcik, has completed his contract and will be succeeded by the vice president of sales, David Zuchowski. It's been a sincere privilege and honor to lead Hyundai Motor America over the past five years, and I am confident that with Dave's succession, our brand will continue to expand and thrive for years to come,  Mr. Krafcik, 52, said in a statement.Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Permits for future home construction rose to their highest point in nearly five and a half years in October and prices for single-family homes posted big gains in September, suggesting that the run-up in mortgage interest rates since May has not derailed the housing recovery .The data, released on Tuesday, provided the latest signs of strength in the economy, despite headwinds from rising mortgage rates and last month's partial government shutdown . The reports reinforce the notion that the housing sector is successfully digesting the summer mortgage rate pop,  said Michael R.
4	 ARGONNE, Ill. — Warning that the United States risks falling behind in the international race to develop alternative energy, President Obama on Friday proposed diverting $2 billion in revenue from federal oil and gas royalties over the next decade to pay for research on advanced vehicles.Mr. Obama toured a vehicle research facility at Argonne National Laboratory near Chicago and then spoke to employees about his plan, first proposed in his State of the Union address last month, to use oil and gas money to find ways to replace hydrocarbons as the primary fuel for cars, trucks and buses.
3	 LONDON — Demonstrating a new resolve to punish bank misconduct, the European Union fined a group of global financial institutions a combined.7 billion euros .3 billion) on Wednesday to settle charges that they colluded to fix benchmark interest rates .The settlement was the largest combined penalty ever levied by the European competition authorities and is the first time that American banks have been fined in a set of interest rate scandals that have also drawn scrutiny from regulators in Britain and United States . Those regulators still have their own investigations underway.
1	  WASHINGTON — President Obama is preparing regulations limiting carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants, senior officials said Wednesday. The move would be the most consequential climate policy step he could take and one likely to provoke legal challenges from Republicans and some industries.Electric power plants are the largest single source of global warming pollution in the country, responsible for nearly 40 percent of greenhouse gas emissions .
4	 The most effective way to reduce gun violence without significantly curtailing Second Amendment rights is to treat the problem as a public health issue, like smoking or drunken driving, rather trying to profile potential shooters, according to a report released Thursday by a panel of experts who were commissioned by the American Psychological Association to study the issue in the wake of the Newtown, Conn., massacre.The panel reviewed evidence on a wide variety of interventions intended to reduce violence, including suicides and homicides, in schools and in the workplace.
4	 As the Supreme Court considers overturning California's ban on same-sex marriage, gay people await a ruling that could change their lives. But the case has already transformed one gay man: Ken Mehlman, the once-closeted Republican operative who orchestrated President George W . Bush's 2004 re- election on a platform that included opposition to same-sex marriage .Now Mr. Mehlman, a private equity executive in Manhattan, is waging what could be his final campaign: to convince fellow Republicans that gay marriage is consistent with conservative values and good for their party .
4	  WASHINGTON — The House Ethics Committee has found credible evidence that two lawmakers — a Republican from Alaska and a Democrat from New Jersey — improperly used campaign money for personal expenses, among other abuses .The disclosure came in the form of an announcement Tuesday by the committee that it had appointed formal investigative panels to dig into the allegations against Representative Don Young, Republican of Alaska, and Representative Robert Andrews, Democrat of New Jersey, a step it takes only after committee staff members first evaluate the matters.
4	  Obama : 'Act of Terrorism' in Boston : President Obama spoke on Tuesday morning about the latest into the investigation of bombings at the Boston Marathon . WASHINGTON — When President Obama went before cameras at the White House on Tuesday, he said he knew nothing more about who carried out the deadly bombings in Boston than he did the day before. But he knew enough to call them an  act of terrorism . Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — This week, in a closed-door meeting of Congressional Democrats with President Obama, Representative Ed Perlmutter of Colorado bluntly said what has been on many politicians' minds:   Larry Summers . Bad choice. Mr. Obama was visibly annoyed and mounted a defense of Mr. Summers, his former economic policy adviser who also served as Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton . Mr. Summers, who the president said had become something of a  progressive whipping boy,  appears to be a strong contender to succeed Ben S. Bernanke as chairman of the Federal Reserve .
3	  In recent years, solar energy has emerged as a solution for powering places that lack sufficient electricity, frequently remote areas in developing nations where conventional fuel can be expensive.Now, Vestas, the wind technology giant, is betting its products can do the same. On Monday, the company announced a project called Wind for Prosperity, with the goal of bringing low-cost power to rural populations around the globe.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The International Space Station has a radiator leak in its power system. The outpost's commander calls the situation serious, but not life-threatening .The six-member crew on Thursday noticed white flakes of ammonia leaking out of the station. Ammonia runs through multiple radiator loops to cool the station's power system. NASA said the leak is increasing from one previously leaking loop that can be bypassed if needed. NASA spokesman Bob Jacobs said engineers are working on rerouting electronics just in case the loop shuts down. The Earth-orbiting station has backup systems.
2	 Is great tap dance on Broadway a thing of the past? In one sense, apparently not.   After Midnight,  the jazz revue that opened at the Brooks Atkinson this month, showcases some of the best, most state -of-the-art tapping presented in a Broadway theater in many a year. Funny thing is, it's set in.
0	  Jonathan Toews scored twice on Thursday night, helping the Chicago Blackhawks extend their season-opening points streak to 20 games with a 3-0 road victory over the St . Louis Blues .Goalies Ray Emery and Corey Crawford combined on the shutout for Chicago, off to the best start in N.H.L. history.Crawford, who had missed four games in February with an upper-body injury, was pulled in the first period. Coach Joel Quenneville said it was because of a different upper-body injury.JETS, DEVILS 1 Andrew Ladd had two goals and an assist as host Winnipeg beat the Devils .
3	  HOUSTON — Over the past two years, environmentalists have chained themselves to the White House fence and otherwise coalesced around stopping the Keystone XL pipeline as their top priority in the fight against global warming .But even if President Obama rejects the pipeline, it might not matter much. Oil companies are already building rail terminals to deliver oil from western Canada to the United States, and even to Asia .
3	  INDUSTRIAL production collapsed during the financial crisis, then rallied strongly when the crisis ended. But now, while production has continued to rise in Asian countries like India and China, it has stagnated in much of the world.The European Union reported this week that the rate of industrial production in the euro zone countries rose 1 percent in August from the previous month, but remained.1 percent below where it was a year earlier. The accompanying charts show the trends in many countries around the world, as well as in both developing and developed economies .
4	 TUCSON — In the Pima County Medical Examiner's Office here — repository of the nation's largest collection of missing-person reports for immigrants who have vanished while crossing the United States - Mexico border — 774 sets of remains awaited identification in mid-May, stored in musty body bags coated in dust.For the family of Andrés Valenzuela Cota, the remains represent a chance to turn the page on a sad chapter of family history . Mr.
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — LaRue Temple has to take off Sunday from working behind the bar.He's needed on the bag of a U.S. Open contender.Amateur Michael Kim should be one of those feel-good stories at Merion Golf Club as he makes his charge up the leaderboard.But it's his caddie who was feeling the Philly love on Saturday. For probably the first 12 holes today, he was getting more cheers than I was,  the 19-year-old Kim said.  Everybody was going 'LaRue!' 'LaRue!' It was cool though.
2	 Though musicologists who specialize in Gustav Mahler have long taken the memoirs of his wife, Alma, with a grain of salt, most of them have accepted her portrait of him as a fairly chaste ascetic who had few romances before he met her. Now, two scholars say a recently discovered letter from a Mahler confidante — and sometime lover — Natalie Bauer-Lechner, instead shows that he had numerous affairs and infatuations.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — Hundreds of activists and uninsured Texans plan to rally at the steps of the Capitol here Tuesday, increasing the pressure on Gov . Rick Perry and other Republican leaders to switch their stance on expanding Medicaid, a major provision of President Obama's health care overhaul .Mr. Perry has told federal officials that Texas has no intention of expanding Medicaid, the government health insurance program for low-income and sick people, saying he would not take part in socializing health care and admitting millions of Texans into an unsustainable program at a cost of billions to taxpayers . When Mr.
0	 NEW YORK — Alabama will begin this season the way it ended the last two — No. 1.Nick Saban's two-time defending national champions are top-ranked in The Associated Press preseason college football poll, with the Crimson Tide trying to become the first team to win three straight national titles .Much like the BCS championship game against Notre Dame, the vote was an Alabama landslide. The Tide received 58 of 60 first-place votes from the media panel Saturday to easily outdistance No. 2 Ohio State .
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — When Beno Udrih made his N.B.A. debut with the San Antonio Spurs in, it quickly became apparent to his teammates that he was a different type of player. It had nothing to do with his passing skills or his dependable jump shot . It had everything to do with how he thought about the game. He'd get flustered and frustrated with things that happened on the floor because he was always trying to think for other players,  said Brent Barry, an analyst with NBA TV who played with Udrih for three seasons.
3	 Andrew Likierman is dean of the London Business SchoolQ. What do you think makes a successful leader?A. Success is about outcomes, not style. It's about fulfilling stated objectives, and in doing so, comparing favorably to relevant peers. It's about handling opportunities but also threats. Take Julius Caesar, who was successful both militarily and administratively, while Napoleon was successful administratively but not militarily and Hitler was a failure in both. But I think serving leaders are difficult to assess because you have to wait for outcomes and often there are no comparisons.
3	 New York — A unit of the Swiss bank UBS has been placed under formal investigation in France following allegations that it designed investments to help its clients evade taxes .The move comes more than a year after an inquiry was opened regarding the bank's operations in France, a UBS executive briefed on the matter said Sunday. A handful of UBS executives have been put under investigation since the inquiry began in. UBS has been dogged for years by regulators who allege that it has helped wealthy individuals dodge taxes, and has successfully settled some of these charges .
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — When he was hired in 2010 to defend Pfc. Bradley Manning, David E. Coombs was handed the most daunting of challenges. Private Manning, it turned out, had admitted on Internet chat logs to taking thousands of confidential government documents from his computer in Iraq and delivering them to WikiLeaks, the antisecrecy organization. Furious military and State Department officials spoke of grave damage to national security and danger to people named in the documents. Members of Congress muttered about treason and the death penalty .More than two and a half years later, Mr.
3	 MANU DAFTARY, manager of the Quaker Strategic Growth fund, says he learned a valuable lesson in. He avoided companies like the American International Group, Bank of America and Citgroup, which, to one degree or another, were damaged by the subprime mortgage crisis and benefited from the help of the Federal Reserve . His portfolio's performance suffered, though, as he minimized investments in such companies . I kicked myself every day,  he says.Mr. Daftary made a vow: Never again would he ignore the Fed and the companies that seem to profit most from its market interventions.
1	 New evidence suggests that the erectile-dysfunction drug Viagra might have another use: helping burn away excess fat.The drug, generically known as sildenafil, helped convert undesirable white fat cells to energy -burning beige fat cells in laboratory mice, researchers at the University of Bonn in Germany report in The Journal of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology.It was already known that mice fed Viagra became less prone to obesity when fed a high-fat diet. What was not clear was why.Dr.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the Senate edged toward a divisive filibuster vote on Chuck Hagel 's nomination to be defense secretary, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, sat silent and satisfied in the corner of the chamber — his voice lost to laryngitis — as he absorbed what he had wrought in his mere seven weeks of Senate service.Mr. Hagel, a former senator from Mr. Cruz's own party, was about to be the victim of the first filibuster of a nominee to lead the Pentagon.
3	  WASHINGTON — Manufacturing output barely rose in September and signed contracts to buy existing homes recorded their largest drop in nearly three and a half years, in the latest signs that the economy's momentum ebbed as the third quarter ended.The reports on Monday showed that economic activity was on weak footing even before a 16-day partial shutdown of the federal government early in October that is expected to weigh on fourth-quarter growth .
2	 LATE in his career, Muddy Waters recorded a song called  The Blues Had a Baby and They Named It Rock and Roll .  That, in a nutshell, is the story told in the new documentary  Born in Chicago   — how he, Howlin' Wolf and other black blues musicians working in Chicago in the 1960s schooled young white acolytes from that city who went on to play on some of the most influential pop recordings of the era.As the film, which will have its New York premiere at 9 p.m.
0	  Rodriguez by the Numbers: From home runs to earnings, some facts about Alex Rodriguez's career in the wake of his suspension by Major League Baseball . CHICAGO — Alex Rodriguez always wanted to be the face of Major League Baseball . That desire consumed him from a very young age, when he embarked on a path of relentless achievement. Fame and money and records — he wanted it all.For much of the last two decades, he has gotten his wish, and now M.L.B. has told him to leave the stage.
4	  WASHINGTON — Few ceremonies at the White House over the last five years have eluded the lens of Pete Souza, President Obama 's chief photographer and almost constant companion. One that did was Mr. Souza's wedding, which was held last month in the Rose Garden with the president among 35 friends and family members on hand.Permitting a private citizen to use the Rose Garden for a personal event is extraordinarily unusual, and it attests to the deep ties the president and his photographer have forged, as Mr. Souza has shadowed Mr. Obama on virtually every day of his presidency.
2	 Early in   The Act of Killing,  Joshua Oppenheimer's startling new documentary about mass murder and impunity in Indonesia, a death squad leader named Anwar Congo, dapper in white pants and a lime-green shirt, demonstrates how he strangled hundreds of people with wire. It was quicker and less messy than beating them to death, he explains matter-of-factly, then breaks into a dance routine, performing the cha cha cha for the camera. The Act of Killing,  which opens on Friday, is crammed with unsettlingly bizarre moments like that, blending the horrific and the absurd in a disturbing cocktail.
4	 A Mississippi man scheduled to be put to death on Tuesday was granted a stay of execution by the State Supreme Court, after the United States Department of Justice sent lawyers and officials involved in the case several letters disavowing the degree of certainty expressed by F.B.I. forensic experts at the man's trial.About 2 p.m., just four hours before the scheduled execution, the court voted 8 to 1 to grant a reprieve  until further order  to Willie Jerome Manning, 44, who was convicted in 1994 of murdering two college students .
3	 Why Wall Street Likes Slow Job Growth : Job growth in May kept up with the year's monthly average, with,000 new jobs added. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate increased slightly to.6 percent. Hiring in the United States is inching up — but not quickly enough to put much of a dent in the backlog of nearly 12 million unemployed workers left stranded by the recession and its aftermath.American employers added,000 jobs in May, almost exactly the average monthly job growth over the last year, the Labor Department reported Friday, and wages remained basically flat.
0	  MARRAKECH Dec 20 Reuters) - When hard rock group AC/DC recorded Thunderstruck in, they could hardly have imagined that more than 20 years later it would be blasted out to a stadium full of Moroccan football fans.Yet it has bizarrely been chosen by FIFA as the curtain-raising song at the Club World Cup which is being played in Morocco on its first visit to Africa.The screeching, ear-piercing vocals echo around the stadium just before the teams come out for the start of every match and again at halftime, drowning out the chanting of local fans.
3	 WHEN I moved to the United States, I started flying cross-country quite a bit. I used to work in San Francisco and fly to New York for my company, Goodby Silverstein & Partners, and now I head up our New York office and fly back to San Francisco a lot. I enjoy business travel, or I guess I learned to enjoy it. I can work or catch up on all the episodes of  Homeland  that I missed.I like to sketch and take any opportunity I can to do that.
3	  WATFORD CITY, N.D. — Viewed from outer space, the,500 blazing oil well flares burning off excess natural gas illuminate the plains of western North Dakota more brilliantly than Minneapolis hundreds of miles away.The gas being burned in the Bakken field is a byproduct of a frenzy of oil drilling in isolated areas where there are too few gas -gathering lines and few limits on drilling. In total, the excess gas could heat a million homes, releasing roughly six million tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere every year — roughly equivalent to three medium-size coal-fired power plants .
1	 Nothing kicks the brain into gear like a jolt of caffeine. For bees, that is.And they don't need to stand in line for a triple soy latte. A new study shows that the naturally caffeine-laced nectar of some plants enhances the learning process for bees, so that they are more likely to return to those flowers. The plant is using this as a drug to change a pollinator's behavior for its own benefit,  said Geraldine Wright, a honeybee brain specialist at Newcastle University in England, who, with her colleagues, reported those findings in Science on Thursday.
1	 Perhaps no destination has attracted and inspired more great naturalists than Brazil. Charles Darwin, on his epic voyage on the H.M.S. Beagle, first made landfall at Bahia in; two fellow Englishmen, Alfred Russel Wallace and Henry Walter Bates, arrived at Pará in. Wallace roamed the Amazon for four years, and the indefatigable Bates for.In, a naturalist named Fritz Müller arrived from Germany. Much less known today, Müller, unlike his English contemporaries, moved to Brazil with his wife and young child and had no intention of ever returning to Prussia.
4	  WASHINGTON — Hillary Rodham Clinton has walked the halls of the White House as a first lady, a senator and a secretary of state . On Monday, she returned as a former diplomat who might just want one more job.Mrs. Clinton was back at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue for a private lunch with President Obama, a meeting that the White House said was closed to the press.The two former rivals for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination were originally supposed to break bread in the president's private dining room, off the Oval Office .
2	 Of the countless secret agent spoofs inspired by the James Bond phenomenon of the 1960s, perhaps the looniest is  Our Man Flint,  a 1966 20 th Century Fox production starring James Coburn as an international operator inspired at least as much by Hugh Hefner as Ian Fleming. With his toothy, feral grin and lanky swagger, Coburn brought a knowing, satirical edge to his portrayal of Derek Flint as a tuxedoed superman, called back into action by his former World War II commander (Lee J.
3	  FORT WORTH (AP) — American Airlines said Monday that it had settled lawsuits with the online travel agency Orbitz over the agency's display of information about American flights and fares.The companies did not disclose terms, and they declined to comment beyond a brief news release .The settlement is subject to review by the federal judge overseeing the bankruptcy reorganization of American and its parent, AMR Corporation, which is based here.American has been fighting with Orbitz Worldwide and other companies that distribute information to travel agents .
4	  DETROIT — Congratulatory phone calls dominated Mike Duggan's first 24 hours as the next mayor of this downtrodden city, but the coming days may be the most crucial to laying the groundwork for his administration, as conversations begin with state officials about his role at City Hall .For months, the power of Detroit's elected leaders has been limited by a state-appointed emergency manager, Kevyn D. Orr, who has taken over daily operations and led the city into bankruptcy court . Will I expect to have input and make arguments?  said Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — With automatic spending cuts cascading through the government, lawmakers are calling for a review of federal policies they say have allowed businesses to profit on government research with limited return for taxpayers or consumers .That re-examination could be particularly intense in federal science, once a corner of the government with bipartisan protection that has become something of an orphan caught between Republican efforts to protect the military and Democrats' defense of Social Security and Medicare .
4	 With new laws increasing the penalties for drivers involved in hit-and-run fatalities or those who fail to stop and render aid, advocates are hoping that Texas drivers have a greater incentive to stay at the scene of accidents and help the injured.Starting Sept. 1, the penalty for hit-and-run fatalities will be equal to that for intoxicated manslaughter. Currently, it is a third-degree felony, carrying a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison . The new law raises the offense to a second-degree felony, with a maximum penalty of 20 years.
3	 MADRID — The Spanish government decreed on Friday that the country's utilities could charge consumers only.3 percent more for their electricity next month after accusing utilities of manipulating a recent auction to win a price increase of 11 percent.While meant as a good will gesture to consumers, the government's unparalleled intervention underlines the fragile regulations of Spain's electricity market and the conflicting interests driving its energy policy .
3	  DETROIT — Daniel Akerson, General Motors ' chief executive, stood before a packed hall and took a victory lap of sorts at the company's annual meeting here on Thursday, celebrating a new level of financial stability and G.M.'s return to the ranks of the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index .But despite its comeback from bankruptcy and a.5-billion government bailout, G.M., the nation's biggest automaker, is still grappling with its core mission: how to win new customers with better cars and trucks .After the meeting, Mr.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Matthew Fitzpatrick started the British Open being mistaken for Tiger Woods' ball-carrier on the range. He ended it taking home a silver medal for the top amateur and being hailed as the latest prodigy in British golf .Fitzpatrick's birth certificate says he is 18 but the fresh-faced youth did not look out of place as he confidently covered Muirfield this week.Playing alongside Fred Couples — a man nearly three times his age — Fitzpatrick shot a 1-over 72 on Sunday for an overall score of 10 over, beating fellow amateur and compatriot Jimmy Mullen by five shots.
2	 ALDEBURGH, England — The extreme east coast of England is a place of flat, bleakly poetic marshland, pebble beaches and small fishing towns locked in an ambivalent relationship with an encroaching sea that's been their income and their enemy .One such town is Aldeburgh where the fishing still goes on, though through the years it's turned into a quiet enclave where retired air commodores play golf and live to great age, swimming daily in the ice- cold water .Aldeburgh is also the home of Benjamin Britten, and the hub of a substantial industry devoted to the composer.
1	 Wednesday in Science, we're reading about killer penguins, texting moms, asteroid mining, designing a more pleasurable condom and a maple leaf controversy in Canada . Check out these and other science headlines from around the Web .No Escape from a Hungry Penguin: Hungry penguins with tiny video cameras strapped to their backs have given scientists a rare glimpse of their killer feeding habits, reports The Guardian. In more than 14 hours of filming using cameras strapped to 11 Adélie penguins, not once did a bird fail to capture its prey.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — As the 2012-13 season has progressed, the Knicks have gradually become less of a defensive-minded team, and it is having an impact on their record.While the Knicks, at, still have the second-best record in the Eastern Conference, they have gone 5-5 in their last 10 games and are too often allowing their opponents to get comfortable on offense early. That, in turn, has forced the Knicks to spend much of the remainder of the game trying to rally.
2	 Nearly 40 years ago the brothers Paolo and Vittorio Taviani wrote and directed  Allonsanfan,  starring Marcello Mastroianni as a revolutionary in the Napoleonic era. After its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Mr. Mastroianni met with reporters, and when they asked him about the unusual experience of working with two directors on the same film, he feigned surprise.  Were they two?  he asked.The Tavianis are now in their 80s, but at an age when most of their contemporaries have retired they continue making films, and in seamless unity.
3	  WASHINGTON — The nation's manufacturing output rose for a fourth consecutive month in November as industrial production increased almost across the board, the latest suggestion the economy is gaining steam.Production at the nation's factories advanced.6 percent last month, building on a.5 percent gain in October, the Federal Reserve said on Monday.The strength in industrial production added to solid reports on retail sales and employment that have painted an upbeat picture of the economy and strengthened the case for the Federal Reserve to start reducing the pace of its economic stimulus campaign.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Miles Davis died here more than 20 years ago, but in some ways he remains as much a presence as ever, and not just because recordings continue to be issued under his name. A book of his paintings and drawings was published last week, a biopic about him is in the works, a stamp with his image circulates, and a museum exhibition devoted to his life is traveling the world.Overseeing those initiatives, and others, are his three heirs: his son Erin, his daughter, Cheryl, and their cousin Vince Wilburn Jr.
2	 The future rides a flexible continuum on  Event 2  (Bulk, a dystopian but perky concept album by this alternative hip-hop conglomerate, due out on Tuesday. As on Deltron 3030's self-titled debut, released in, it's the product of a partnership among the savvy producer Dan the Automator, the fiercely intelligent rapper Del the Funky Homosapien and the ace turntablist Kid Koala — along with an oddball assortment of guests, like Damon Albarn of Gorillaz, Zach de la Rocha of Rage Against the Machine and David Chang of Momofuku. (Yes, the chef.
4	  WASHINGTON — Edward J. Snowden's father and the family's lawyer said Sunday that they had obtained visas to visit the former intelligence contractor in Russia and indicated that they would encourage him to return to the United States to face federal charges for revealing secret American surveillance programs to journalists, but only if acceptable trial conditions could be negotiated. What I would like,  said Lon Snowden, the father,  is for this to be vetted in open court, for the American people to have all the facts.
0	 NEW YORK — Chris Nelson hit his first two home runs of the season, including a grand slam against his former team, to send C.J. Wilson and the Los Angeles Angels past the New York Yankees 8-4 on Thursday. Josh Hamilton and rookie J.B. Shuck each had an RBI single to help the struggling Angels prevent a four-game sweep. Wilson (13-6) won his fifth consecutive decision, keeping Alfonso Soriano in the ballpark after the streaking slugger piled up four homers and 13 RBIs the previous two nights.
4	  DETROIT — A review team appointed by the State of Michigan has concluded that Detroit is mired in serious financial problems, a step that draws the city ever closer to emergency oversight by a state -assigned financial manager.If Gov . Rick Snyder concurs with the findings in the coming days, state officials will appoint an emergency financial manager who would try to solve the city's financial woes, and if that fails could ultimately urge Detroit to enter into bankruptcy proceedings .
4	  BOSTON — James Bulger, the second-most notorious man in Boston, sits there in blue jeans and white sneakers, his balding head shaved to a salt-and-pepper speckle, his glasses perched at nose's tip in faux-studious pose. Somewhat diminished by his 83 years, he looks as if he might be waiting for the discount bus to Foxwoods Casino.
2	 As a substitute teacher in Boston during the 1970s school-busing crisis there, Orlando Bagwell was attacked by a mob and kicked into the street. He was rescued by a bus driver . Shortly thereafter Mr. Bagwell, a fledgling filmmaker, was hired by public television to work on a piece about a South Boston protester who had changed her mind and was advocating peace. Her son, it turned out, was one of Mr. Bagwell's attackers .Great stories, true stories — they're what Mr. Bagwell has been chasing his whole career.
3	 ON a humid afternoon in late May, Luca Paschina, a winemaker born in northern Italy, made his pitch to the owner of a wine shop on Long Island . Pouring a cabernet franc reserve and a Bordeaux-style blend, he described how the red wines were aged for more than a year in French oak. And he recounted the history of Barboursville Vineyards, the 870- acre property in central Virginia where the wines were made.During the 30-minute tasting, the owner peppered Mr. Paschina with questions. Why did he move to Virginia ? What grapes does he grow?But Mr.
1	 For decades, scientists have been on the lookout for killer objects from outer space that could devastate the planet. But warnings that they lacked the tools to detect the most serious threats were largely ignored, even as skeptics mocked the worriers as Chicken Littles.No more. The meteor that rattled Siberia on Friday, injuring hundreds of people and traumatizing thousands, has suddenly brought new life to efforts to deploy adequate detection tools, in particular a space telescope that would scan the solar system for dangers.
0	 The more they claimed they didn't want to talk about it, the more they had to say.A return trip to the Meadowlands for the Super Bowl hardly was a taboo subject after the Seahawks manhandled the New York Giants 23-0 on Sunday. With the way other contenders are betraying their weaknesses — and with the NFC road to East Rutherford almost certainly running through Seattle — Pete Carroll and crew should embrace the topic.No team has more of a Super look than the Seahawks . Obviously, getting a huge win here is a great thing for us,  Russell Wilson said.
1	  MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — The little spacecraft that could may still have some life left in it.Hearts were broken around the lonely cosmos in the spring when a critical wheel on NASA's Kepler spacecraft got stuck, leaving its telescope unable to point precisely enough to continue prospecting for Earthlike planets in a starry patch of the Milky Way. But Kepler's managers say they have a plan that could keep it hunting for these exoplanets for three or four more years.
3	  HONG KONG — Activity in China's manufacturing sector continued to slow in June, two surveys showed Monday, underscoring concerns that the Chinese economy is likely to keep losing steam in the coming months .The Chinese statistics bureau released an index that showed factory activity had barely expanded in June, a month that was overshadowed by a credit crunch in the banking system.The official purchasing managers' index came in at.1 points — just above the 50-point mark that separates expansion from contraction, and markedly below the May reading of.8.A separate P.M.I.
0	  Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Justin Blackmon was suspended indefinitely without pay on Friday for violating the N.F.L.'s substance-abuse policy . He had already served a four- game suspension at the start of this season for a violation of the policy.Blackmon has 29 receptions for 415 yards and a touchdown this year; in his career, he has 93 catches for,280 yards and 6 touchdowns in 20 games. Jacksonville traded up to select Blackmon, a former Oklahoma State star, with the fifth overall pick in the 2012 draft.He will be eligible to apply for reinstatement before the 2014 season.
3	 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — The state of Florida filed a lawsuit Saturday against the oil company BP and the cement contractor Halliburton over the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, becoming the fourth state to seek damages for the 2010 disaster.The suit, among other things, faults BP for not changing the batteries on the rig's blowout preventer. It also accuses Halliburton of installing faulty cement barriers.The complaint by the Florida attorney general, Pam Bondi, was filed in United States District Court in Panama City . The federal court has jurisdiction under the Oil Pollution Act of.
2	 One glaring omission in the many series about government — and the list includes  Veep,   Scandal,    House of Cards    Homeland  and  The Americans  — is the ingenuous outsider. Dishonest senators, sleazy political advisers, unprincipled reporters and conniving spouses abound, but, oddly, it is almost impossible to find a Frank Capra-esque newcomer who channels the idealism and frustration of viewers.That formula doesn't work in today's climate. Governance is not a calling on television, it's a pop-culture spectacle that favors process over outcome: 24-hour sports coverage without a final score.
3	 SHORTLY after winning re- election in November, President Obama promised assertive leadership on climate change and energy . In his State of the Union address in February, he vowed that if the assembled lawmakers failed to pass broad climate legislation, he would act unilaterally.And yet in the ensuing months, little more has been heard from the president or his cabinet on the matter.Agreement is broad on near-term executive actions to address climate change, including imposing strict caps on greenhouse-gas emissions at all power plants, tightening efficiency standards for appliances and limiting methane leakage from gas wells and pipelines .
0	 (Reuters) - Hockey fans were still catching their breath on Thursday after the Chicago Blackhawks beat the Boston Bruins in a Game One triple-overtime Stanley Cup thriller that has already been labeled a classic.Chicago's 4-3 comeback win will long be remembered by anyone who witnessed the pulsating four-hour drama unfold on television or inside a packed United Center .But the Bruins will be trying hard to forget as they look forward to Game Two on Saturday and leveling the best-of-seven series.
3	 PARIS — An aggressive cost-cutting effort at Air France-KLM showed the first faint signs of bearing fruit Friday, as the airline said it had managed to trim its operating losses last year despite a weakening European economy and higher fuel prices . Air France-KLM, Europe's third-largest airline by passengers, recorded an operating loss of €300 million, or about $400 million, for, compared with a €353 million loss a year earlier, as efforts to rein in seat capacity led to higher average fares. Revenue for the year rose.2 percent to.6 billion, while net debt declined to €6 billion from.5 billion in.
4	  WASHINGTON — The House on Thursday passed legislation to head off a doubling of student loan interest rates on July, instead tying rates to prevailing market trends and ending federal subsidies .The bill, approved largely along party lines, 221 to, kicks off what is sure to be the next showdown involving House Republicans, Senate Democrats and President Obama, with a hard deadline looming in little more than a month. Republicans said they had come up with a long-term plan that would get the government out of the business of setting interest rates.
1	  SAN FRANCISCO — Following the crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 here, one of the first victims rushed to San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center was a teenage girl, unconscious and gravely injured.Her brain was quickly swelling, with nowhere to go but through the small opening at the base of her skull. Such an event, known as  herniation,  crushes the brainstem and can be rapidly fatal.Unable to reduce the swelling with medications, neurosurgeons decided to remove a large portion of the girl's skull. Once they had done so, her brain bulged through the opening.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The Battle in the Apple, as organizers labeled the matchup between Syracuse and Penn State at MetLife Stadium on Saturday, started more like an arm wrestling match between two opponents sizing each other up cautiously.Both programs are rebuilding, with young coaches who are beginning the season unsure of what talent they may actually have. In a bit of gamesmanship, both refused to name their starting quarterbacks until the lineups were announced at kickoff.
2	 PARIS — Benjamin Millepied, the choreographer and a former principal at New York City Ballet, will be the new director of dance at the Paris Opera Ballet, starting in September.The announcement on Thursday morning at the Palais Garnier by the general director of the Paris Opera, Nicolas Joel, ends months of intense speculation surrounding the successor to Brigitte Lefèvre, the director of dance at the Paris Opera since 1995 who plans to retire at the end of the 2013-14 season.Mr.
2	 CHATTAHOOCHEE HILLS, Ga. — Plastic mushroom statues outnumbered hay bales last weekend on a horse farm near here, about 25 miles southwest of Atlanta . A stage designed as a massive facade of books with titles like  Beauty and the Beat  and  The Story of Us  sprouted in the center, with seven smaller stages scattered over 500 acres of rolling countryside.Each day, 50,000 festivalgoers from 75 nations, some wearing Indian headdresses and animal costumes, high-fived strangers as they moved from stage to stage.
0	 Deep in the Delta, across a four-lane road from a field of sheep, Josh Jarboe stood on a windswept stadium floor in mid-March, naked from the waist up.Virtually every inch of his torso, back and arms was inked: an angel, a scorpion, the Grim Reaper; the names of his mother, grandmother, little sister; the motto Live Now, Cry Later. His dreadlocks were pulled back and faded orange at the ends. When he smiled, as he did often, his mouth gleamed with gold.It was pro day at Arkansas State, one of dozens of last-look auditions around the country before this month's N.F.L.
3	 The Libor market, we now know, was a fraud. There were few — if any — real trades backing the indicator.This week the scandal claimed its second top European banker and treated us to more of those delightful emails and electronic chats in which traders discuss their deceptions. Don't worry mate — there's bigger crooks in the market than us guys!  wrote an official of Rabobank, the large Dutch lender, after he agreed to a request from one of the bank's traders in 2007 to submit a phony rate for Libor rates in yen .He was right about that.
3	 The company, LPL Financial, has,300 brokers, 6,500 offices, 4.3 million customers — and a growing list of problems with regulators .At a time when many big-name brokerage firms are losing market share, LPL executives in San Diego have guided the company out of obscurity to become the nation's fourth-largest brokerage firm — after Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch — and the largest in much of rural America, where it specializes.Now, as investors weigh whether to jump aboard the stock market's record-breaking rally, LPL is one of the biggest firms trying to connect them with stocks, bonds and other products.
4	  WASHINGTON — The White House is refusing to share fully with Congress the legal opinions that justify targeted killings, while maneuvering to make sure its stance does not do anything to endanger the confirmation of John O. Brennan as C.I.A. director.Rather than agreeing to some Democratic senators' demands for full access to the classified legal memos on the targeted killing program, Obama administration officials are negotiating with Republicans to provide more information on the lethal attack last year on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, according to three Congressional staff members .
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — The International Space Station is about to get another commercial shipment.The California company known as SpaceX is set to launch its unmanned Falcon rocket on Friday morning, hoisting a Dragon capsule containing more than a ton of food, tools, computer hardware and science experiments.There won't be any ice cream, though, for the six-man station crew. The freezers going up are filled with mouse stem cells, protein crystals and other research items. On the previous Dragon delivery in October, chocolate-vanilla swirl was tucked inside.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.02 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.05 percent and the rate on the four-week issue was.01 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
1	 In the acknowledgments to her unsettling and irresistible book,  The Unfeathered Bird,  Katrina van Grouw pauses in her listing of names to say,  I must assure readers that no birds were harmed during the making of this book. It seems an odd disclaimer for a collection of bird drawings, until you look at the drawings. The birds in this book are not merely unfeathered, they are also skinned, skeletal and sometimes — to serve the presentation of a skull or a wing, a tongue or a trachea — disassembled.
4	 John T. Morton, the director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Department of Homeland Security agency in charge of controlling illegal immigration, announced Monday that he was stepping down after four years to work for a private bank .The resignation of Mr. Morton, who led the agency through multiple political battles over federal immigration enforcement policy, had been expected and was not forced, Homeland Security officials said.
4	 HELENA, Mont. — The Montana attorney general's office has asked the State Supreme Court to throw out a 30-day sentence given to a teacher convicted of raping a 14-year-old girl, saying the punishment was illegally lenient.The state formally filed its arguments late last week amid an outcry over the sentence. The teacher, Stacey Rambold, was released from Montana State Prison in September after serving his sentence .The rape occurred in. Mr. Rambold had initially remained free under a deferred prosecution agreement reached in, until he was removed last year from a sex offender treatment program over various violations .During Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chief digital architect for the federal health insurance marketplace said Wednesday that he met periodically with White House aides to discuss the status of the website over the last three years, but he said the meetings focused narrowly on specific technical issues and therefore gave the president no clear warning of the disaster that ensued on Oct. 1.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The American economy grew at a faster rate at the end of last year than previously estimated, providing evidence that growth might have accelerated in early 2013 despite higher taxes and cuts in government spending .The nation's gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of.4 percent in the October-December quarter, the Commerce Department said on Thursday, slightly better than the previous growth estimate of.1 percent. The revision reflected stronger business investment and export sales.Analysts say they think the economy is growing at a rate of around.5 percent in the current January-March quarter, which ends this week.
1	 Even Monkeys Learn to Eat Local: A new study on groups of vervet monkeys suggests that social learning may have a greater influence on behavior development than previously thought .If you are eating lunch in Pittsburgh or Dallas, you might grab a sandwich and a Snapple to go. But should you get transferred to Paris, you will probably eat like the French: multicourse sit-down lunches plus a glass of wine .But it turns out people are not the only ones who make monkey-see-monkey-do cultural shifts. Monkeys, and apparently several other species, do, too.
3	  WASHINGTON — A pair of reports issued Tuesday offered bright news on the state of the economy, with home prices increasing and consumer confidence rising. Home prices rose .1 percent in June compared with a year earlier, nearly matching a seven-year high. However, month-over-month price gains slowed in most markets, a sign that higher mortgage rates may cool the housing recovery . The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index slowed only marginally from May's year-over-year gain of.2 percent, the fastest since March.
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative Justin Amash, a sophomore Republican from Michigan, is not one to mince words.For President Obama to strike Syria without seeking Congressional authorization, Mr. Amash warned on Twitter, would be  unquestionably unconstitutional and illegal. And when he mounted a challenge to the National Security Agency, over the objections of the leadership, that nearly passed the House this summer, Mr.
2	 MATSUMOTO, Japan — It is rehearsal time, and the veteran conductor Seiji Ozawa, in black slacks and red sneakers, taps his foot to an expressively astir delivery of Gershwin's   Rhapsody in Blue.  The pianist nears the end of her solo, and with a turn of his hand, Mr. Ozawa signals to the orchestra, which eases into one of its swooning themes.Switching back and forth between English and his native Japanese, he guides Junko Onishi, the jazz pianist who will make her debut with the Saito Kinen Orchestra that Mr. Ozawa conducts that night. It's all right now.
4	  WASHINGTON — In mid-February, Senator John McCain went on the NBC program   Meet the Press   to explain his unhappiness with President Obama's nominee for defense secretary . A week later, he took to   State of the Union  on CNN to chat about sequestration (bad) and the attack in Benghazi (worse.In May, he was on   Fox News Sunday,  talking about Middle East politics with Chris Wallace. Last week, Mr.
3	 FRANKFURT — The small Baltic nation of Latvia received official endorsement for membership in the euro currency union Wednesday, in a move that European leaders clearly hoped would demonstrate the endurance of the euro zone despite its dismal economic performance and damaged reputation. Latvia's desire to adopt the euro is a sign of confidence in our common currency and further evidence that those who predicted the disintegration of the euro area were wrong,  Olli Rehn, the European Union's commissioner for economic and monetary affairs, said in a statement.
1	 The loss of bees and other pollinators around the world is already cause for concern. Now two researchers who studied bumblebees in Colorado have added a new worry, identifying the perils of bumblebee infidelity not to other bees, but to their floral partners.Berry J. Brosi, an assistant professor at Emory University in Atlanta, and Heather M. Briggs, a graduate student at the University of California, Santa Cruz, both in environmental science, studied 20 plots of meadow at the Rocky Mountain Biological Laboratory in Crested Butte, Colo., each about 22 yards on a side.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Hollywood expected a box-office drag race to end them all for the Memorial Day weekend, with two huge-scale sequels, both in categories most popular with younger men, opening in rare direct competition. But it turned out to be no contest at all.  Fast & Furious 6  raced to a projected.2 million in ticket sales for the four-day period, easily claiming the No. 1 spot at North American theaters, while  The Hangover Part III  blew a tire and overheated, taking in a disappointing.8 million since its arrival on Thursday.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch volunteer who fatally shot Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager, igniting a national debate on racial profiling and civil rights, was found not guilty late Saturday night of second-degree murder . He was also acquitted of manslaughter, a lesser charge.After three weeks of testimony, the six-woman jury rejected the prosecution's contention that Mr. Zimmerman had deliberately pursued Mr. Martin because he assumed the hoodie-clad teenager was a criminal and instigated the fight that led to his death.Mr. Zimmerman said he shot Mr. Martin on Feb.
3	  Manufacturing got off to a weak start this year in the United States as motor vehicle output tumbled in January, but a rebound in factory activity in New York State suggested that any setback would be temporary.In a further sign that the sluggish economic recovery remains on track, consumers were a bit more upbeat early this month even as they paid more for gasoline and a tax increase reduced their paychecks, other data on Friday showed .
2	  WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — The Guild of Music Supervisors gathered here a few weeks ago for its third annual awards . And judging by the turnout, it will need a much bigger venue for next year's event.Jammed into a tent atop the London hotel on a blustery evening, the affair had ballooned to three times the size of the Guild's first ceremony, in, when 150 people showed up for brunch. The event's increasing popularity served as a reminder that these professionals often act as gatekeepers in the all-important business of placing songs in movies and television shows .
3	  OTTAWA — A pipeline for exporting oil sands bitumen to Asia -bound tankers was dealt a severe blow on Friday when the province of British Columbia urged a federal review panel to reject the $6 billion plan.The proposal to build the Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline and its port is effectively Alberta's backup plan in case the Obama administration turns down the Keystone XL, a pipeline that would link the oil sands with American refineries on the Gulf Coast . Several of the concerns raised by British Columbia in its rejection echo those of American environmentalists regarding Keystone XL.
2	 The national PBS schedule is a placid thing, sketched out well in advance and usually subject to only minor tweaking. So the weeklong programming effort titled  After Newtown,  arriving two months after the mass killings at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., represents a major effort in high-metabolism reporting and producing for a network accustomed to moving at a more deliberate pace.And it's hard to imagine an ambitious package about gun violence anywhere else on television, with the possible exception of premium cable.
3	 THE hapless, bumbling father is a stock character in product marketing. He makes breakfast for dinner and is incapable of handling, or sometimes even noticing, a soggy diaper. He tries desperately to hide the crumb-strewn, dirt-streaked evidence of his poor parenting before the mother gets home.This is an image that many fathers who attended the Dad.0 Summit — a meeting of so-called daddy bloggers and the marketers who want to reach them — have come to revile. They are proud to be involved in domestic life and do not want to serve as the comic foil to the supercompetent mother.
1	  WASHINGTON — Man-made global warming may further lessen the likelihood of the freak atmospheric steering currents that last year shoved Superstorm Sandy due west into New Jersey, a new study says.But don't celebrate a rare beneficial climate change prediction just yet. The study's authors said the once-in-700-years path was only one factor in the massive $50 billion killer storm . They said other variables such as sea level rise and stronger storms will worsen with global warming and outweigh changes in steering currents predicted by the study's computer models.
0	 The question inevitably comes twice a year: once in November, when the N.B.A. season usually starts, and again in the spring, when the playoffs near.My under-the-breath response —  Yeah, I grew up a Nets fan, lived on Long Island, saw Dr. J  — is usually enough of an answer. But every once in a while, a follow-up question arises: But why are you still a Nets fan?My parents owned Chinese restaurants on Long Island that used unusual architectural details to stand out. One had a distinctive windmill.
0	 MADRID — Exploiting the talents of the nomadic Giovani dos Santos will be the key to Villarreal's attempts to reclaim their mantle as the model for smaller clubs to aspire to when they return to La Liga this weekend.The team known as  the Yellow Submarine, because of their canary-coloured strip, won promotion back from the second division, along with Elche and Almeria, after a year in the wilderness following a dramatic fall from grace .The European football regulars were relegated on the final day of the 2011-12 campaign, having started the season in the Champions League .
1	  LOS ANGELES — A swath of California closed out 2013 as the driest year on record, marked by above-normal temperatures and thirsty reservoirs.While a drought has not been declared, some communities urged residents to conserve water.Dozens of cities saw historically parched conditions this year, setting new marks in record-keeping that in some cases dates back more than a century.Downtown Los Angeles received a meager.60 inches of rain since Jan. 1, the driest calendar year since. Normally, downtown would be soaked with about 15 inches of precipitation.Similarly, San Francisco recorded just.
3	  BRUSSELS — Despite growing confidence that Europe is managing its debt crisis and is poised to embark on a recovery, fresh developments on Friday indicated that the region continues to struggle to stimulate growth while cutting spending to pare deficits .A top European official warned on Friday that the euro area economy would shrink for the second consecutive year and that countries like France and Spain would miss fiscal targets meant to ensure the stability of the common currency .
3	 SINCE I'm in charge of international sales and product development at Numi Organic Tea, my business travel can be crazy. I may not have to leave California, our headquarters, for a few weeks, and then I may be gone for four or five weeks visiting farms overseas, or looking for new business opportunities or potential partners . Much of my travel can be dictated by growing seasons.Traveling is always a beautiful journey, and I love observing cultures, and how they express their ways of life. I try to keep that attitude when I'm flying for business .
3	 Even as Wall Street breathed a sigh of relief on Thursday that the government shutdown was over and the risk of a default on United States debt was off the table for now, attention immediately turned to a critical, if more ordinary, matter for investors and traders : when will federal number-crunchers be providing data on the economy again?The short answer is that the first new figures will be available early next week, but the bigger picture is one of delays stretching into December.
4	 Making Guns in Montana : Kalispell, Mont., has become the center of a growing firearms industry, particularly for high-end rifles and industrial rifle parts.BIGFORK, Mont. — Jerry Fisher's big and careful arms cradled a polished cutout of English walnut, which was aging in his workroom like a fine wine. The slight tapering along one edge gave a ghostly hint of its future as the stock of a handmade hunting rifle.His eyebrows lifted as he explained the properties of this piece of walnut.  This wood will assume the moisture content of the atmosphere you store it in,  he said.
3	  Stocks fell on Friday as investors puzzled over the Federal Reserve's decision to maintain its stimulus measures as they heard opposing viewpoints from top Fed officials .Despite lower closes in the last two sessions, the major stock indexes ended higher for the week. The Dow rose .6 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained.3 percent. The Nasdaq advanced.4 percent.On Wednesday, the Fed surprised economists and investors with its decision to delay scaling back its stimulus.James B. Bullard, president of the St .
3	 THE slowdown in worldwide manufacturing that began in mid-2012 may be nearing an end.Surveys of manufacturing companies around the world indicated that in December nearly as many companies reported that orders were rising as said that orders were continuing to decline.The gains were concentrated in developing countries ; China reported its best month in nearly two years.But much of the euro zone remained weak. France reported its worst monthly figure since early, when the credit crisis was at its worst.
4	  DALLAS — President Obama has left little mystery about how he views his predecessor.  The failed policies of George W. Bush   wiped away a budget surplus and  squandered the legacy  of bipartisan foreign policy . Mr. Bush put two wars  on a credit card,  led the country away  from our values  and  crashed the economy . But Mr. Obama will surely say none of that when he helps dedicate the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum on Thursday.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama will nominate a slate of three candidates on Tuesday to fill the remaining vacancies on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, a White House official said Monday.The president will name Cornelia T. L. Pillard, a law professor ; Patricia Ann Millett, an appellate lawyer ; and Robert L. Wilkins, a federal district judge, to fill out the appeals court, which is often described as the second most powerful court in the country because it decides major cases and often serves as a launching pad for future Supreme Court justices .
0	 The Nets transformed Barclays Center into a grand postseason stage, with dark T-shirts and luminous bracelets, banners and baked goods, fireworks and a drum line, one glorious self-tribute after another.It was like a concert, Chicago Bulls forward Taj Gibson said. The arena glistened like a gemstone. All that was left, after the team's owner, Mikhail D. Prokhorov, addressed the crowd and the lights flooded back onto the court, was a basketball game, and a fairly important one for the franchise .Just reaching this point was not the team's ultimate ambition, as much as the pregame festivities suggested it was.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Longtime Kentucky pals Russ Cochran and Kenny Perry have shared a massive gallery the first two rounds of the Senior PGA Championship . Now, they also share the lead. It's been a great couple of days,  Cochran said after the pair each shot 5-under-66 on Friday.  He's one of my best friends. We had a good time out there. Cochran and Perry had matching 69s in the opening round, they tied for the best score in the second round and are the only players to break 70 both rounds.
0	 NORTON, Mass. — Henrik Stenson didn't need a big trophy to prove himself that he belonged among the elite in golf .After enduring the second slump of his career — the latest a product of bad play more than a lost swing — he began to turn the corner late last year by winning the South African Open. He was back in all the majors again for the first time since. And he was playing better than anyone in the summer.A runner-up to Phil Mickelson in the British Open and to Tiger Woods in a World Golf Championship .
3	 PARIS — Output at German factories, mines and power plants declined in October for a second straight month, official data showed on Monday, the latest sign that the economy at the heart of the euro zone recovery might not be growing as quickly as had been hoped. Industrial production, adjusted for seasonal fluctuations, fell.2 percent in October from September, when it fell a revised.7 percent, the Economy Ministry reported from Berlin. The latest data represented a significant disappointment, as economists surveyed by Reuters had been expecting an increase of.8 percent.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — A glance at the key hole Thursday in the British Open :KEY FACT: If players didn't know the opening hole at Muirfield would be tough they found out when Lloyd Saltman — playing in the first group — hit two tee shots out of bounds before making an. Tiger Woods nearly hit one out himself and had to take an unplayable in opening with a bogey.
3	 LONDON — Avagay Mowatt knows that there will be times this winter, just as there were last year, when she will have to choose between giving her children a hot meal and bath and keeping their home warm.With Britain's biggest utility companies announcing price increases of as much as 10 percent in recent weeks, Ms. Mowatt is certain to struggle, again, to keep enough credit on her meter — which she has to feed before she can turn on the gas supply .
4	 John Rechy, the youngest of five children born to poor Mexican parents during the Depression, once wrote,  There was so much poverty and hunger in El Paso and Juarez that we didn't consider ourselves poor, because we ate and had a home.  But as a gay boy in Texas, he did often feel like an outsider.
0	  BRUSSELS — Kaia Kanepi of Estonia beat Peng Shuai of China, 7-5 to win the Brussels Open on Saturday.Kanepi won the fourth tournament in her WTA career by racing out to a big lead before surviving some late jitters . She heads to the French Open, which starts on Sunday, with a boost. This win gives me confidence and I feel good going to Roland Garros,  27-year-old Kanepi said.The sun finally broke out over the Heysel courts on Saturday after a week filled with frustration over the unusually cold and wet conditions.
3	 From sun-dried tomato wraps to agave-sweetened smoothies, restaurant chains are working to court an exceptionally particular generation — the millennials.For reasons as varied as the economic downturn and a heightened interest in local foods, a significant shift in eating patterns is under way among the millennials, those 18 to. Oddly, at least by historic trends, they are eating out less than the baby boomers did at that age. Many in the restaurant business worry that it may be impossible to reverse the decline, which affects 50 million to 60 million young people.The statistics alone are stark.
3	 A federal judge in New York who once tried to stop the collection worldwide of an $18 billion environmental judgment against Chevron began hearing evidence on Tuesday in the oil company's bid to block collection in the United States .The judge, Lewis A. Kaplan of Federal District Court for Southern Manhattan, listened as Chevron's attorney, Randy Mastro, argued that a lawyer for a group of indigenous inhabitants of the Amazon rain forest fraudulently won the judgment two years ago in Ecuador. Mr. Mastro said that if Chevron lost the case,  it will be open season on U.S.
3	  PHOENIX — HERE is a look at some highlights, sidelights and lowlights from the 2013 annual conference of the Association of National Advertisers, which took place here from Thursday through Sunday.BE KIND, REWIND? Those who stayed for the final general session of the conference heard a presentation by Brian J. King, global brand officer at Marriott International, on how his company uses ethnographic research and ideas from consumers to shape its marketing. For those in attendance who also heard a presentation he gave 13 days earlier — during Advertising Week in New York, at a session on Sept.
4	  WASHINGTON — The secretary of the Navy has recommended that future security reviews include any available police reports, even if they did not result in charges or convictions, after the shooting deaths of 12 Navy personnel by a gunman who had an honorable discharge, a Secret-level clearance and at least two firearms incidents in law enforcement files.The recommendation, disclosed Monday, came as the Navy completed a detailed review of the military career of Aaron Alexis, the gunman who was killed at the Washington Navy Yard after last week's shooting rampage .
3	 This spring, the Missouri Chamber of Commerce urged the state Legislature to accept the federal government's plan to expand Medicaid for the poor and disabled.The business lobbying group had not suddenly gone rogue. Here is how Daniel P. Mehan, its president, summarized his feelings about President Obama's health care law :  We don't like it. But the Chamber was cognizant of the plea of its members directly affected by the issue: dozens of Missouri hospitals stood to lose.2 billion over six years in federal support for uncompensated care if the state refused to increase the income ceiling for Medicaid eligibility.
0	  DENVER — Patrick Roy and Joe Sakic formed a productive partnership on the ice during their playing days, leading the Colorado Avalanche to two Stanley Cup titles.Now, Avalanche fans are hoping they're reunited again to steer the foundering franchise back to the glory days . According to reports, the Hall of Fame goaltender could possibly be in line to become the next coach.Roy's younger brother, Stephane Roy, posted a Facebook note late Monday night saying his brother would be the new coach. Stephane Roy later told The Denver Post :  They're discussing the final details of an arrangement.
2	 This was the year that prose turned purple, binge viewing trumped appointment television, and  Scandal  took the place of   Breaking Bad   as the hot drama everyone wanted to talk about. Television is still in a golden age, but the best of 2013 looked a little brassy, more Aaron Spelling than Aaron Sorkin.
2	 THE first thing John Patrick Shanley will tell you about the opera  Doubt  is that he did it out of guilt. He agreed to a meeting with the composer Douglas J. Cuomo intending to say no, he did not want to rewrite his Pulitzer Prize-winning play turned Oscar-nominated movie as an opera libretto. But then he forgot all about it and stood Mr. Cuomo up, not even checking his cellphone to see the politely insistent reminders.Over lunch recently in a restaurant near his home in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, Mr. Shanley recounted how he set up a second meeting.
2	 Douglas Sirk said of his wide-screen black-and-white melodrama  The Tarnished Angels   that it had, like his  Written on the Wind,  a  mood of desperation, drinking and doubting the values of life, and at the same time almost hysterically trying to grasp them, grasping the wind.  In  The Tarnished Angels,  adapted from Faulkner's  Pylon,  the wind is the element of Roger Shumann (Robert Stack, a World War I flying ace turned barnstormer who scrapes by in the Depression doing dangerous stunts.
4	  HOUSTON — The Republican-dominated Texas Legislature inched closer on Monday to passing some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country as the State House of Representatives approved a bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and hold abortion clinics to the same standards as hospital-style surgical centers.Advocates for abortion rights said the measures would force dozens of abortion providers around the state to close and leave only a handful in a few major cities that are able to meet what they described as excessive, costly and medically unnecessary restrictions. Opponents of abortion, including Gov .
3	 LONDON — Last year, Tetra Pak, the packaging giant, supplied material for about 173 billion cartons for milk, juice, soups — even pet food. The multilayered walls of these boxes, which can preserve their contents for months without refrigeration, are on average 75 percent made of a high-grade paper. It is in turn made from wood pulp.A huge number of trees are cut down to feed the company's needs. Every year, Tetra Pak's paper suppliers need to harvest the equivalent of a million hectares, or almost.5 million acres, of forest — an area about the size of Jamaica.
0	 (Reuters) - Landon Donovan celebrated his return to the United States squad in triumphant style on Friday, scoring twice as they crushed Guatemala 6-0 in a friendly at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego .The 31-year-old became the first player to score 50 goals for his country, finding the net twice in the second half to lift his overall tally to 51 before he was substituted by coach Juergen Klinsmann and left the field to thunderous applause.
0	 PARIS — The resilient autumn of Novak Djokovic was showcased in microcosmic form Sunday as he twice rallied to defeat David Ferrer, 7-5, 7-5, in the final of the BNP Paribas Masters .Since losing the United States Open final to Rafael Nadal in September, Djokovic has compiled a 17- match winning streak, reeling off consecutive titles in Beijing, Shanghai and Paris.The titles have kept Djokovic, ranked No. 2, in contention for finishing the year at No. 1, but he does not control his destiny in that chase . If Rafael Nadal, who is ranked No.
0	 It was in California in the midst of a promising but not yet fully realized season that Jelena Jankovic had a heart-to-heart talk with her backhand down the line. Jankovic, the Serbian tennis star, who was ranked No.1 in the world in, was trying to furnish her new house near San Diego and was having difficulty digesting the price of the window treatment she wanted to purchase. I always have joked that my backhand down the line was the shot that paid my bills,  Jankovic said.
4	  BOSTON — James (Whitey) Bulger said Friday that he would not testify at his trial, which he called a  sham,  prompting a cry of  coward  in the courtroom from the widow of a man he is accused of killing . His decision also deflated the hopes of many in this city who had yearned to hear him tell his story in his own words.Mr. Bulger, 83, the onetime kingpin of South Boston's faded underworld, stood at the defense table in a dark shirt and bluejeans and did not explain his decision.
0	 NEW YORK — Matt Moore had New York flailing for five wild innings, and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Yankees 7-0 on Tuesday night to push them to the brink of missing out on the postseason for the second time in 19 years. Tampa Bay roughed up Hiroki Kuroda in tightening its grip on an AL wild-card spot with its fifth straight win. Matt Joyce had a leadoff homer as the Rays jumped ahead 3-0 in the first and David DeJesus had two RBI doubles .
2	 Imagine if the Metropolitan Museum of Art suspended operations for almost a decade to undergo a major makeover. That gives you an idea of the scale in  The New Rijksmuseum,  Oeke Hoogendijk's almost-four-hour documentary, playing as a Film Forum double feature through Wednesday. Ms. Hoogendijk's beautifully shot film presents the countless concerns — among them unending revisions demanded of architects; a transition between general directors; and contentious meetings with politicians, contractors and the very vocal Dutch Cyclists Union — that went into a $500 million transformation of Amsterdam's signature museum.
4	 HELENA, Mont. — A former quarterback for the University of Montana was acquitted Friday of rape in a trial that riveted the city of Missoula.The quarterback, Jordan Johnson, 21, a native of Eugene, Ore., maintained that the sex with another student on Feb. 4, 2012, was consensual.The woman claimed that after they kissed and took their shirts off, she said no to sex. Then, she said, the athlete took off her leggings and underwear, pinned her to the bed and forced her to have sex.
4	 GRAPEVINE, Tex. — Boy Scout leaders from around the country, engulfed in a culture war over homosexuality, gathered for a vote here Thursday on a landmark proposal that would permit openly gay youths — but not openly gay adult leaders — to participate in scouting.In a secret ballot, more than,400 volunteer leaders from scouting's 270 councils will accept or reject a proposal that has led to strident divisions and debate.
3	 It was just after 9 on a mid-May morning in 2011 when Ruslan Telkov got into his car and headed toward one of his upholstery company's warehouses near Moscow. His parents had warned him not to start his own business, that only frustration and heartache awaited, if not worse. But it was not the 1990s anymore, he told them; the days of bandit capitalism in Russia were over.  I decided it's what I wanted, and that was that,  he said.And business was good. A year earlier, Mr.
3	 The Occupational Safety and Health Administration proposed long-awaited rules on Friday to limit crystalline silica, a move it said would prevent nearly 700 deaths a year by reducing exposure to these very small particles that can cause lung cancer and other diseases.OSHA faced heavy pressure from labor leaders, who argued that the current exposure limits, adopted four decades ago, were lax and should be strengthened to prevent silicosis, an irreversible respiratory disease that can be fatal. But business groups lobbied against the proposal, questioning whether it would be feasible to carry out and noting that silicosis deaths were declining.
0	 LONDON — England outclassed Moldova 4-0 to top World Cup qualifying Group H after two goals from Danny Welbeck and one each from captain Steven Gerrard and Rickie Lambert sealed a comfortable victory at Wembley on Friday.The result gave England the perfect lift ahead of Tuesday's more difficult game in Ukraine, who kept alive their chances of qualifying for next year's finals in Brazil with a 9-0 rout of San Marino .
1	 Adult sharks have highly sensitive receptors that can detect electric fields emitted by potential prey and predators. And now it turns out that at least in one species, their unborn offspring do too. It's the equivalent of a baby inside a mother responding to external stimuli before it's born,  said Ryan Kempster, a marine neuroecologist from the University of Western Australia, who along with colleagues reported the findings in the journal PLoS One.The team studied the eggs of brownbanded bamboo sharks in an aquarium.
3	  HONG KONG — A large trade deficit and a disappointing increase in exports announced on Monday underlined some of the challenges facing Japan as it seeks to reinvigorate its economy after years of listless growth .Aggressive monetary stimulus and fiscal stimulus measures called for by the central bank and the government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe have succeeded in weakening the persistently strong yen and lifting growth this year.
4	  WASHINGTON — On Oct. 29, about seven months before the recent revelations about secret government surveillance programs, Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. made a commitment to the Supreme Court .It was on the day Hurricane Sandy shut down the rest of Washington . The justices had made it to court through lashing rain, and they seemed to be paying particular attention when Mr. Verrilli, the Obama administration's top appellate lawyer, argued that a challenge to a 2008 surveillance law should be dismissed.
3	  LE BOURGET, France — Ryanair's chief is not going to gently let go of his company's stake in the Irish flag carrier Aer Lingus .Michael O'Leary, chief executive of the European budget airline, predicted Wednesday that the protracted dispute over its 30 percent stake in Aer Lingus would not be over soon, no matter what the final decision is next month by British regulators, whom he accused of  incompetence.
2	 Charles Bronson achieved stardom relatively late in life, after surviving a harsh childhood as one of 15 children of Polish-Lithuanian parents in the coal country of Pennsylvania, service as an aerial gunner in World War II and close to 20 years as a hard-working journeyman actor in Hollywood movies and TV shows . (That's him, for example, as Vincent Price's evil henchman in the 3-D  House of Wax  from.)It wasn't until the late '60s when, as one of several second- tier American stars who had found reliable employment in European genre films, that Bronson began to attract a following.
3	 LONDON — Total, the French oil company, has disclosed the findings of its investigation into the causes of a natural gas leak at a well in the North Sea, which has shut down production on the company's flagship Elgin -Franklin field for almost a year.At the time of the leak, in March, gas from the Elgin -Franklin complex accounted for about 7 percent of British production. The British Treasury has said the shutdown at the field lowered tax receipts and stunted economic growth .
3	 SHANGHAI — The British pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline said on Monday that the authorities here were investigating whether senior managers working for the company in China were involved in   economic crimes . A spokesman in London said that GlaxoSmithKline was unaware of the nature of the investigation but that the company's executives were cooperating. Two weeks ago, the company fired the head of its research and development staff in Shanghai for misrepresenting data in a scientific paper he helped to write.
2	 Too much strength can just about ruin a dance, but this week affords a rare opportunity to experience its power in both formidable and subtle ways when two choreographers, Maria Hassabi and Elizabeth Streb, reveal its nerve and beauty. In  Premiere,  a work for five at the Kitchen, Ms. Hassabi displays her captivation with bodies that move at an unimaginably slow pace . The shakes, the tremors and the sweat — results of such pared-down motion — tell the real story . (Wednesday to Saturday, 512 West 19th Street, Chelsea, 212-255-5793, thekitchen.org.)
1	 When Dr. Hal Dietz arrived at Johns Hopkins University in the 1980s, he became obsessed with helping children with Marfan syndrome, a rare and often fatal disorder that can cause the aorta, the large blood vessel that carries blood from the heart, to grow and grow until it bursts. Nothing we were doing seemed to make a difference in their lives,  he said.These doomed children had a distinctive look that clearly had a genetic basis. They were typically very tall and thin, with long arms, legs and fingers.
0	  Alex Rodriguez, locked in a fight with Major League Baseball over his 211-game doping suspension, slammed down his hand and walked out of his arbitration hearing Wednesday morning, saying he was  disgusted with this abusive process. In the afternoon, he took to the radio, telling WFAN that  I don't have a chance  in the hearing and denying that he had used performance-enhancing drugs in recent years .
4	 A former New York City police officer displayed a mix of defiance and tears on Friday as he begged a judge not to send him to jail for falsely saying he witnessed a drug sale and for arresting an innocent man.The former officer, Isaias Alicea, proclaimed his innocence, despite having been convicted in May of 10 felony counts of filing a false instrument, and spoke through tears about his difficulty supporting his family since he was fired. I'm a good dad to my 3-year-old daughter, and I'm engaged,  Mr. Alicea said.
3	 For most of their 38-year marriage, Ivor Rose and Rita Starr lived relatively modestly in Miami Beach, buying and renting commercial and residential properties there. Mr. Rose, 79, was a child of parents who lived through the Depression, and he embraced their thrifty values and their strong distaste for debt, said Ms. Starr, 63. The couple never borrowed money to buy the six warehouses and eight homes that, by, had a value of around $15 million and made up the bulk of their assets.But then along came Michael A. Stern. A Miami businessman, Mr. Stern rented space from Mr.
4	 ELLICOTT CITY, Md. — Eric King has worked diligently to keep his family's 35-year-old seafood restaurant here viable, most recently by expanding the menu beyond its well-loved crab cakes and other traditional dishes to draw a younger, freer- spending crowd.The restaurant, Shanty Grille, is on track to make a profit this year — about,000, Mr. King predicts — for the first time since the economic downturn . Yet the prospect of providing health insurance to every full-time worker or paying a penalty starting in January, a provision of the Obama health care law, has overshadowed the good news.
3	 VELIKI VRAG, Russia — The inventor is retired now, living in a wooden home in the countryside with a fox terrier named Maximilian, a stuffed penguin and boxes of black-and-white photographs of his machine on the ice.Over the surface of frozen seas or rivers, the vehicle would not so much roll as slither. That is because Andrei A. Nikolayev, an engineer at the Gorky Automobile Factory, had attached, in the place of wheels, large, twirling screws to the bottom of a light truck.
4	  PORTLAND, Me. — Most Americans have never heard of Mary Bonauto. But inside the tightknit world of gay legal advocacy, Ms. Bonauto is a quiet celebrity — a lawyer and mother of twins who some say is almost single-handedly responsible for the same-sex marriage cases now pending before the Supreme Court . No gay person in this country would be married without Mary Bonauto,  said Roberta Kaplan, who went before the justices on Wednesday to argue one of the cases.As the top civil rights lawyer for Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders, or GLAD, based in Boston, Ms.
0	  SAN ANTONIO — The national debate over immigration touched down in an unusual spot this week: the N.B.A. finals.Sebastien de la Cruz, an 11-year-old Mexican-American, sang the national anthem here on Tuesday night wearing a mariachi suit. Within minutes of his performance, he had become the target of racist tweets about his heritage and his immigration status (Sebastien was born in San Antonio .The episode could have ended there, with a sour finish on what should have been an uplifting moment for the city and the league . But the Spurs decided to play it differently.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — An impromptu spacewalk over the weekend seems to have fixed a big ammonia leak at the International Space Station, NASA said Thursday.The  gusher  erupted a week ago, prompting the hastiest repair job ever by residents of the orbiting lab. Spacewalking astronauts replaced a suspect ammonia pump on Saturday, just two days after the trouble arose.NASA is now calling the old, removed pump  Mr. Leaky,  said flight controller Anthony Vareha. Right now, we're feeling pretty good.
4	  WASHINGTON — Pete Rouse, President Obama's  indispensable man  with a low profile and big footprint, is the quirky insider who built the Obama organization, hired nearly everyone from the White House chief of staff on down, plotted strategy and regularly said he was about to leave.But now, as Mr. Obama is in a trough after the bungled opening of the health insurance marketplace and Democrats smell trouble in next year's midterm elections, Mr. Rouse, 67, swears he finally is leaving at year's end, nine years after agreeing only to help Mr.
3	 I'M not foolhardy enough to venture guesses about what, if anything, may happen in Congress this week as the deadline for deep spending cuts looms on Friday. But there is the prospect of significant effects on air travel . In recent days, Ray LaHood, the transportation secretary, has been warning that the budget cuts would create major disruptions in air travel . He said, for instance, that staff furloughs at the Federal Aviation Administration could force the closing of 100 air traffic control centers, and the elimination of overnight shifts at 60 others, in small and midsize markets .
0	 MADRID — Gerardo Martino enjoyed his competitive debut with Barcelona more than Carlos Ancelotti's with Real Madrid as the La Liga champions stormed to a 7-0 rout of Levante in their season opener at the Nou Camp on Sunday.Real had to come from behind against Real Betis for a 2-1 win at the Bernabeu, new 30 million euro signing Isco heading an 86th-minute winner.Jorge Molina had put the lively visitors ahead in the 14th minute only for Karim Benzema level in the 26th.
0	 NEW YORK — James Blake announced on Monday he was retiring from tennis after the U.S. Open.The 33-year-old American told a news conference at Flushing Meadows he could have played on but decided it was time for him to quit. This is my last tournament,  he said.  I have had 14 pretty darn good years on tour, loved every minute of it, and I definitely couldn't have asked for a better career. I'm really, really excited I have gotten to do this on my terms.
4	  North Carolina lawmakers approved deep cuts to benefits for the jobless on Wednesday, in a state that has one of the nation's highest unemployment rates .In a debt -reducing effort, the Republican-controlled legislature voted to cut maximum weekly benefits to $350 from, a 35 percent drop; reduce the maximum number of weeks for collecting benefits to between 12 and 20 weeks from 26 weeks; and tighten requirements to qualify. The cuts would begin with new jobless claims on July.If the bill is signed by Gov .
3	  SACRAMENTO — After six years of waiting on the sidelines, newly eager home buyers across the country are discovering that there are not enough houses for sale to accommodate the recent flush of demand . In my 27 years I've never seen inventories this low,  said Kurt K. Colgan, a broker with Lyon Real Estate in the Sacramento metropolitan area, where the share of homes on the market has plummeted by one of the largest amounts in the nation.  I've also never seen a market turn so quickly.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — In a murder case of chain reactions, the chief prosecutor, Bernie de la Rionda, began with the very first link when he delivered his closing statement on Thursday in the George Zimmerman trial. Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager carrying nothing but snacks, died of a gunshot to the heart for one reason, he said: Mr. Zimmerman saw himself as a cop and Mr. Martin as a hoodie-clad criminal. He went over the line,  Mr. de la Rionda told the jury .
4	  WASHINGTON — Furious last-minute negotiations between the White House and the Senate Republican leadership on Monday secured a tentative agreement to allow tax rates to rise on affluent Americans, but not in time for Congress to meet its Dec. 31 deadline for averting automatic tax increases and spending cuts deemed a threat to the economy .
2	 Like a man writing his own obituary Dmitri Shostakovich composed his String Quartet No. 8 as a requiem for himself, weaving it together with an autobiographical motif consisting of the letters D-S-C-H.These letters — the first four of D. Schostakowitsch, the German spelling of his name — are translated to musical notes as D, E flat, C and B. The quartet opens with the cello playing the funereal sequence, which is then mournfully intoned by the other strings. A solo lament unfolds over a low drone before the other voices join in the plaintive dialogue .
4	  WASHINGTON — When President Obama offered a tongue-in-cheek lament last week that he was  getting kind of lonely in this big house,  he was referring to his two daughters, who he said were less eager to hang out with their dad as they grew older.But Mr. Obama might just as well have been talking about the fraternity of middle-aged political advisers who have been at his side since before the 2008 campaign and who are finally moving on.
1	 A new kid has arrived on the science journalism block, a monthly magazine named Nautilus: Science Connected. Its first issue, which appeared online on April, focuses on a single theme: what does or does not make the human race special.It uses as an epigraph a 1995 statement from Stephen Hawking, the English physicist and man about the universe:  The human race is just a chemical scum on a moderate-sized planet, orbiting around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies.
3	  Jean-Paul Tennant is in the adventure business, but that does not mean he enjoys taking risks. He is chief executive of a travel company, Geographic Expeditions, that specializes in arranging ambitious trips to exotic lands, places where unstable local currencies can make financial transactions a challenge.Based in San Francisco, the 31-year-old company books trips to Bhutan, Tibet, Central Asia, Patagonia and the Galápagos Islands months or even more than a year in advance. In late, Mr. Tennant had booked travel for eight clients who wanted to explore northern India .
4	 Last year, Malibu, Calif., was one of several thousand communities across the country that received federal grants intended to improve the lot of low- and moderate-income residents. But instead of putting the,866 it received to work on an eligible project, like restoring houses, the city did what dozens of other well-off municipalities have done: it sold its grants to other communities in exchange for smaller purses that had no strings attached.Such wheeling and dealing is longstanding practice in Los Angeles County, stretching back at least 25 years.
3	  WASHINGTON — Come January, millions of low-income adults will gain health insurance coverage through Medicaid in one of the farthest-reaching provisions of the Obama health care law. How will that change their finances, spending habits, use of available medical services and — most important — their health?New results from a landmark study, released on Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine, go a long way toward answering those questions. The study, called the Oregon Health Study, compares thousands of low-income people in Oregon who received access to Medicaid with an identical population that did not.
4	 FRANKFORT, Ky. — In 1996 the actor Woody Harrelson, who has a sideline as an activist for legalizing marijuana, was arrested in Kentucky for planting four hemp seeds.Last month Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican minority leader, announced his support for growing hemp in Kentucky, his home state .Between those jarringly disparate events lies the evolution of hemp from a countercultural cause to an issue championed by farmers in the heartland and conservative lawmakers .On Monday, a panel of the Republican -controlled Kentucky State Senate unanimously approved a bill to license hemp growers.
2	 In indie rock, it seems, everyone has a side project: a break from the other band members, a chance to toy with different genres and recording methods, a fling with no long-term commitment.And every so often side projects have synergistic results. That's what happened to two outfits regrouping for spring tours: the Postal Service, celebrating the 10th anniversary reissue of its lone album,  Give Up,  and the Breeders, who have regrouped for the 20th anniversary of their album  Last Splash.
0	  HOUSTON — For so long, James White has wanted to put on a show for the basketball world. He waited to hear the roar of the fans over a spectacular dunk in the N.B.A.'s annual dunk contest.White, a 30-year-old journeyman for the Knicks, was given his chance Saturday night inside the Toyota Center. White, who goes by the nickname Flight, was accompanied on the court by a group of women dressed as flight attendants before he took off for his first dunk. He left his feet just below the free-throw line and dunked the ball with two hands.
2	 In her new movie,  Admission,  Tina Fey stars as an unmarried college administrator who belatedly regrets not being a mom. Ms. Fey played a single woman in her late 30s who hires a surrogate in  Baby Mama.  And, of course, on her late, great NBC sitcom,  30 Rock,  her character, Liz Lemon, spends the later part of the series agonizing about whether to have children, and then how.So it's pretty clear that for Ms. Fey motherhood is a longstanding preoccupation.
0	  BOSTON — A National Hockey League season that nearly never was will be remembered as one of the greatest after the Chicago Blackhawks stunned the Boston Bruins on Monday for their second Stanley Cup in four years.A labor dispute that delayed the start of the season by four months was all but forgotten when the best-of-seven Stanley Cup Final came to a close with a wild Game Six that saw Chicago score 17 seconds apart in the final 76 seconds for a 3-2 win.
0	 On a Wednesday afternoon 50 years ago, a month past his 16th birthday, James Harris sat in the living room of his family's home in Monroe, La., staring into a black-and-white television. His parents and his older sister joined him, all of them quietly attuned to the scene on the screen — throngs of people, tiny as squares of confetti, gathered in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington for a civil rights rally.More than two hours into the rally, after a series of speeches, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr . rose to deliver his address.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — A former Army specialist who supervised Pfc. Bradley Manning in Iraq testified in his trial on Friday that Private Manning had told her the American flag  meant nothing to him. The former specialist, Jihrleah Showman, said Private Manning, who is accused of providing hundreds of thousands of confidential documents to WikiLeaks, told her in a counseling meeting in August 2009 that he had joined the Army for training and  educational opportunities. Ms. Showman also testified that Private Manning said he did not have allegiance to the United States or its people.
3	 THE Turner Classic Movies cable channel prides itself on running films that are, as it proclaims,  uncut and commercial-free.  But commercial-free does not mean free of commercial considerations, in the sense that TCM, like channels that accept ads and interrupt movies to show them, still has to make a buck.As a result, executives at TCM and its parent, the Turner Entertainment Networks division of Turner Broadcasting System, are increasing marketing efforts for the channel, which is available in more than 85 million American households . For instance, a redesign of TCM's logo and graphics was introduced on Aug.
4	  WASHINGTON — The retirement of Tom Harkin, a Democrat who has represented Iowa in the Senate for nearly 30 years, should be the kind of rare opportunity that sends the best and brightest of his state's political class scrambling to get on the ballot.But so far the only viable candidate to raise his hand is Representative Bruce Braley, also a Democrat .
2	  LOS ANGELES — You can't be totally sure which room in the rambling office space on Sunset Boulevard here might be cooking up the future of network prime-time animation, so Nick Weidenfeld does his best to be in them all.One morning in April, he started by bouncing ideas back and forth with Dino Stamatopoulos, a stringy misanthrope with stringier hair — you may know him as Star-Burns on  Community.  They were working on ideas for episodes of his show   High School USA! Later, Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Inflation is widely reviled as a kind of tax on modern life, but as Federal Reserve policy makers prepare to meet this week, there is growing concern inside and outside the Fed that inflation is not rising fast enough.Some economists say more inflation is just what the American economy needs to escape from a half-decade of sluggish growth and high unemployment .
3	 The factory is the latest investment that underscores Starbucks' determination to transform its brand from being synonymous with coffee to a food and beverage juggernaut.In the last two years, Starbucks has spent $750 million acquiring three new businesses — Evolution Fresh juices, La Boulange Café and Bakery, and Teavana — as it tries to muscle in on prized grocery shelves and compete in territory now dominated by the likes of Panera Bread and Chipotle. We have a lot going on,  Howard Schultz, the chief executive, said in an interview at the company's offices here.
4	 COLVILLE, Wash. — An 11-year-old boy was convicted on Friday of conspiracy to commit first-degree murder in a fifth-grade plot against a female classmate. Judge Allen Nielsen of Stevens County Superior Court said on Friday that  simple anger  had fueled the plot, which the boy devised this year with a 10-year-old classmate at Fort Colville Elementary School in northeast Washington . Staff members seized a handgun and a knife that the boys took to school on Feb. 7.
1	 As lawmakers in Washington continue to wrangle over NASA's financing and expeditions, a top administrator at the agency who played a large role in drafting the Obama administration's controversial space policies is bowing out.Lori B. Garver, NASA's deputy administrator for the past four years, will leave next month to take the top staff position at the Air Line Pilots Association, a union representing,000 pilots in the United States and Canada . It's time to take on new challenges,  Ms. Garver said in an interview on Tuesday.
2	  LOS ANGELES — The  Hunger Games   movie franchise became a full-fledged cultural phenomenon over the weekend, broadening its appeal by age and by gender with its second installment, and setting a November box-office record. Hollywood expected   The Hunger Games : Catching Fire  to deliver huge ticket sales, and it did not disappoint: North American theaters generated.1 million in ticket sales between Thursday and Sunday, according to studio estimates .But  Catching Fire  also shattered expectations in an important way.
4	 SALEM, Ore. — Some say America has been homogenized, a chain- store nation bereft of regional distinction in dialect or dinner. But now this state, at the pioneer's end of the road, is testing the idea that local community difference is alive and well, and that grass-roots leadership holds the key to fixing health care in America.Under an agreement signed with the Obama administration last year, and just now taking shape, Oregon and the federal government have wagered.
3	  HONG KONG — Adroitly alternating the threat of a trade war with the lure of its huge import market, China appears to have driven a deep wedge between Germany and the rest of the European Union . And it may even have caused a rift within the German business world.As Chinese and European trade officials stare each other down over next week's scheduled imposition of big tariffs on the $27 billion worth of solar panels China sells to Europe each year, Germany has come down on China's side.
0	 Defenseman Jarred Tinordi had a memorable N.H.L. debut, setting up Tomas Plekanec's tiebreaking third- period goal Saturday night to help the Montreal Canadiens edge the host Devils, 2-1, and extend their winning streak to five games.Plekanec deflected a shot by the 6-foot-6-inch Tinordi, son of the former defenseman Mark Tinordi, past Johan Hedberg at 6 minutes 49 seconds. Hedberg made a clearing attempt from behind his net, but the puck took a surprising bounce off the boards . Tinordi skated toward it and unleashed a shot.
4	  PHOENIX — The inspectors who set out last year to review the use-of-force policies employed by the roughly,000 federal agents guarding the nation's borders faced a significant obstacle from the get-go: Neither of two separate systems to track complaints of misconduct offered a clear way to link a specific accusation to the use of excessive force .
1	 Granted that Rome was not built in a day, the unresolved question among scholars has been just how long did it take. How early, before Julius Caesar came, saw and conquered, did Romans begin adopting a monumental architecture reflecting the grandeur of their ambitions?Most historians agree that early Rome had nothing to compare to the sublime temples of Greece and was not a particularly splendid city, like Alexandria in Egypt.Any definitive insight into the formative stages of Roman architectural hubris lies irretrievable beneath layers of the city's repeated renovations through the time of caesars, popes and the Renaissance.
0	 Whatever the Mets ' original sin is — and, really, we don't have time to delve into all that right now — they and their dogged fans pay for it pretty much all the time.It was hard enough for the Mets to coexist in the same region as the Yankees for their first 35 erratic seasons, but in 1997 somebody invented interleague baseball . In the age of Jeter and Rivera, the Mets have a 37-54 interleague deficit against the Yankees after Monday night's 2-1 victory in the Mets' markedly un-full ballpark.
4	  LOS ANGELES — At Dolores Mission Church in Boyle Heights, there was no shrinking from the news reverberating through the pews. The Rev. Scott Santarosa spent time usually reserved for the homily talking instead about what he called  really painful stuff. After Mass, over menudo and pan dulce, parishioners tried to make sense of the events that cascaded at the end of last week. First, the release of thousands of documents detailing decades of sexual abuse and cover-ups, then the current archbishop reprimanding his predecessor, Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, who responded with an angry missive of his own.
2	 For old-timers who still go to record stores, flip through bins, buy albums and dig into the liner notes, the experience of streaming songs on a service like Spotify or Rhapsody can be dismaying. Listen, say, to Michael Jackson's  Off the Wall,  and you see only a track listing and a link to a cursory biography of the King of Pop.There is no mention of Quincy Jones, who produced the record and has 27 Grammys to his credit, nor of the two studios in Los Angeles where it was recorded.
3	 Cutbacks on 'The Rez': At Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, one of the poorest parts of the United States, the budget cuts known as sequestration have slashed millions of federal dollars in funding .PINE RIDGE, S.D. — The Red Cloud-Bissonette family needs a new trailer. Frank, who is disabled, and Norma, his wife, are members of the Oglala Sioux Tribe who live on the sprawling grasslands of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation . Despite their constant efforts to patch the seams of one of their trailers that was hauled here in, rot and mold continue to climb up the walls.
0	  BOSTON — On a night when they could not afford to lose, the Pittsburgh Penguins played easily their best game of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston .Their goalie was superb. Their defense was unforgiving. They outshot the Bruins by a wide margin and had the better scoring chances . Their stars came out, if not on the statistics sheet, then certainly on the ice, in the face-off circles and along the boards .They extended the game to overtime and then into another day.In the end, it did not matter.
3	 Which state might get the thousands of coveted jobs producing Boeing 's planned 777X airliner seemed up for grabs on Thursday after Boeing's machinists in Washington State overwhelmingly rejected a contract extension that the company said was pivotal to future production in the Puget Sound area. Boeing officials had promised to build the 777X in Washington — a move expected to add more than,000 jobs — if the machinists approved an eight-year contract extension that would have safeguarded the company from strikes through.
2	 One of the more interesting crime dramas currently on either side of the Atlantic started with a concept that was only about three decades old.Called  Scott & Bailey,  it's a police procedural about two female crime -solvers. Or, in the words of Suranne Jones, who stars in the series and came up with the original idea with her fellow actress Sally Lindsay, it's  a Manchester -based 'Cagney & Lacey.'  Set in that British city's decaying landscape,  Scott & Bailey  views every dead body or sullen perp through the eyes of the detective constables Rachel Bailey (Ms.
3	 A campaign for an organization that fights leukemia and lymphoma is taking a bold, assertive tack in a bid to stand out from fund-raising efforts for other causes.The campaign, now under way, carries the theme  Someday is today,  declaring that progress is already being made in the fight against cancer.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Rand Paul, the Kentucky Republican who is among his party's top 2016 presidential prospects, has found himself accused of plagiarism.But this case has an odd twist. Mr. Paul appears to have lifted words for a speech this week from a Wikipedia entry about a futuristic movie,  Gattaca,  which imagines a world with a population that has been genetically engineered .The senator was trying to make a point about eugenics, saying the United States was veering dangerously close to eliminating people whom society considered to be undesirable.
1	 A Woodstock for Robots: At the Robotics Challenge 2013 Trials in Homestead, Fla., teams that built rescue robots competed for a chance at a $2 million prize next year.HOMESTEAD, Fla. — An international competition to pave the way for a new generation of rescue robots was dominated by a team of Japanese roboticists who were students in the laboratory of a pioneer in the design of intelligent humanoid machines.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — In his three-hour closing argument on Friday, a lawyer for George Zimmerman said that his client was guilty only of protecting his own life when he fatally shot Trayvon Martin, and he chastised the prosecution as having filled jurors' heads with guesswork, not evidence. Mark O'Mara, one of Mr. Zimmerman's lawyers, told the jury that the prosecution had provided so little evidence of second-degree murder, the main charge, that he wished the verdict form contained three choices:  guilty, not guilty, and completely innocent, because I would ask you to check that one.
3	 Prices surged as resales of homes in the United States rose in April to the highest level in nearly three and a half years, offering the economy a buffer from the stiff headwinds of belt-tightening in Washington . The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday that existing-home sales had advanced.6 percent to an annual rate of.97 million units, the highest level since November. The data underscored the housing market's improving fortunes as it starts to regain its footing. Resales were.7 percent higher than in the same period last year.
2	 The work of Ulrich Seidl can perhaps be summed up by his preferred camera perspective: head-on, often boxed in, warts and all. This Austrian filmmaker has made a 30-year career of confronting us with people you don't usually see on screen (much less naked) and stories you don't expect to see played out. Scenes from his latest project, the  Paradise  trilogy, depict a part-time Catholic missionary rousing the ire of a belligerent drunk, an adolescent girl at a weight-loss clinic pining for her doctor, and middle-aged sex tourists manhandling their Kenyan boy toy.
0	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — When North Carolina freshman Ryan Switzer reported to training camp in August he was a little miffed to learn he was third on the depth chart at punt returner. I kind of got mad because when I was getting recruited I was told I going to start at punt return,  Switzer said.Rather than pout, the 5-foot, 175-pound Switzer went about working even harder to earn the starting job .
0	  ATLANTA — Former NBA player Mookie Blaylock was charged on Monday with vehicular homicide after a head-on traffic crash in Georgia that left a 43-year-old woman dead, police said.Blaylock, 46, was driving a 2010 Cadillac Escalade on Friday in Clayton County, south of Atlanta, when he crossed over the center line into oncoming traffic and struck a minivan carrying the woman, police said.In addition to facing a second-degree vehicular homicide charge, Blaylock has been charged with driving with a suspended license and failure to maintain his lane.
4	 Pennsylvania's attorney general, Kathleen Kane, said on Thursday that she would not defend the state against a lawsuit to overturn a ban on same-sex marriage .Ms. Kane, a Democrat, quoting from Pennsylvania's Constitution, said that unequal treatment based on race, religion and physical disability was no longer tolerated, and  it is now the time here in Pennsylvania to end another wave of discrimination. The suit was filed in Federal District Court in Harrisburg on Tuesday with 23 plaintiffs, including 10 gay and lesbian couples, two teenage children of one couple, and a woman whose partner of 29 years had died.
3	 THE phone rings again at Pasadena Pawn and Gun, and a familiar question comes down the line:  Got any ARs? The answer is no. Pasadena Pawn and Gun, a gun retailer and pawnshop 15 miles south of Baltimore, is pretty much sold out of America's most wanted gun, the AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle. Since the massacre in Newtown, Conn., in December, the AR, the military-style weapon that the police say was used in the shootings, has been selling fast here and across the nation.Before Newtown, the rifles sold for about,100, on average. Now some retailers charge twice that.
0	  SAO PAULO — When Brazil first won the right to host the 2014 soccer World Cup, officials knew they would need a modern stadium with more than,000 seats in the country's biggest city.As it happened, Sao Paulo had just such an arena: Cicero Pompeu de Toledo Stadium, known as  Morumbi,  standing amid a sea of orange-roofed mansions on the western side of the city.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — It's the land where Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier, where the space shuttle fleet rolled off the assembly line and where the first private manned rocketship climbed to space.Capitalizing on Southern California's aerospace fortunes, two rival groups want to add another laurel: drone test range.They face crowded competition. In search of an economic boost, more than half the country is looking toward the sky — expected to be buzzing in the near future with pilotless aircraft.
3	  SAN FRANCISCO — Regulators in Germany, one of the most privacy-sensitive countries in the world, unleashed their wrath on Google on Monday for scooping up sensitive personal information in the Street View mapping project, and imposed the largest fine ever assessed by European regulators over a privacy violation.Put another way, that's how much Google made every two minutes last year, or roughly.002 percent of its.7 billion in net profit .It is the latest example of regulators' meager arsenal of fines and punishments for corporations in the wrong.
1	 In a leap forward in understanding the basic science of one of the most lethal cancers, two groups of researchers have found mutations in most melanomas that are unlike any they have seen before in cancer. The changes are in regions that control genes, not in the genes themselves. The mutations are exactly the type caused by exposure to ultraviolet light, indicating they might be among the first DNA changes in a cell's path to melanoma.The discoveries, published online Thursday in two papers in the journal Science Express, do not immediately suggest new treatments or ways to prevent melanoma, researchers said.
0	 J. P. Tokoto had 12 points and a career-high 10 rebounds to help North Carolina (5-2) upset No. 1 Michigan State, 79-65, on Wednesday night . Michigan State (7-1) fell to an unranked nonconference team at home for the first time in more than a decade. WISCONSIN, VIRGINIA 38 Josh Gasser scored 11 points as No. 8 Wisconsin won a defensive struggle over host Virginia in the Atlantic Coast Conference /Big Ten Challenge, giving Coach Bo Ryan his 300th victory with the Badgers . London Perrantes led Virginia (7-2) with 8 points.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The medical device maker St . Jude Medical said Monday it had received a warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration about problems with manufacturing and quality control at a California plant where it makes implantable heart defibrillators.The company said in a regulatory filing that it is working to correct the problems at the plant in Sylmar, Calif., and does not expect the citation to affect its financial results .The warning was expected after St . Jude announced in October that the plant had been visited by federal inspectors.
2	 PLAINFIELD, Mass. — On a recent sunny afternoon, Matt Haimovitz entered a carpentry workshop here that doubles as a music studio and gently pulled the door shut. The garden of the 19th-century farmhouse echoed with the shouts of children. But the newest family member was quietly leaning against the wall. It was darker than its sibling next to it and covered in pockmarks, but Mr. Haimovitz cupped his hand around its neck with loving pride:  This is my Beethoven cello. Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — If President Obama meant his new budget proposal to be an olive branch to Republicans, he had a chance to test their reaction in person on Wednesday night as he hosted a dozen senators from the opposition party for dinner at the White House .Mr. Obama convened his second outreach dinner with Republican senators just hours after the release of his nearly.8 trillion budget proposal, giving him a chance to talk through the thorny issues of taxes, entitlements and deficits embodied by the plan.
2	 Although it was released in, two years after the liberation of France, René Clément's bitter, claustrophobic film  The Damned  feels like the last film of the Occupation — which, perhaps, it was meant to be.Appearing on American home video for the first time, in an excellent high-definition edition from Cohen Media Group, the film is set a few days before the fall of Berlin, as a group of high-ranking Nazis and Nazi collaborators set out in a submarine from a base in Oslo.
4	 One obstacle President Obama may face in proposing a new federal ban on assault weapons could lie in the use of the term   assault weapon   itself.The label, applied to a group of firearms sold on the civilian market, has become so politicized in recent decades that where people stand on the gun issue can often be deduced by whether they use the term.On Internet forums there is perhaps no more fiercely discussed topic than the question of what constitutes an assault weapon .
3	  HOUSTON — Three years after its disastrous oil rig accident in the Gulf of Mexico, BP has managed to strengthen its finances by divesting itself of less profitable operations, ramping up new oil production in the North Sea and Angola and reducing its exposure to volatile investments in Russia.But one wild card continues to menace the company : BP's bill to compensate thousands of Gulf spill claimants is spiraling beyond what it expected and could take billions of dollars out of its future earnings .
3	  BRUSSELS — European Union antitrust authorities said on Thursday that they had investigated major telecommunications companies, including Deutsche Telekom of Germany, on suspicion that the companies were using their dominant market positions to limit Internet providers' access to their networks .The European Commission, the executive arm that oversees antitrust policy across the 28- member bloc, did not identify the companies or say how many had been inspected in the operation, which took place Wednesday.But Deutsche Telekom confirmed on its Web site that a raid had occurred, adding that e-mails and other data had been seized.
2	 In, the Ramones were recording at a studio in Los Angeles with the producer Phil Spector, whose work with the Ronettes, the Righteous Brothers and the Beatles had earned him a reputation as both a musical genius and an exacting, combustible egomaniac. He hadn't produced a hit since John Lennon's  Imagine  in, and the Ramones, who had released four critically acclaimed albums of exuberant punk rock, were still searching for a commercial breakthrough.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.07 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.07 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.26 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
3	 As fast-food workers plan yet another round of one-day strikes on Thursday in cities around the country, labor leaders, economists and industry officials continue to debate the potential effects of raising wages at companies that often assert that such increases would raise consumer prices and shrink the work force. Organizers of the fast-food workers' nascent movement are clamoring for a $15 an hour wage, which would mean a 67 percent pay increase in an industry where wages average around $9 an hour.
1	  LOS ANGELES — The powerful earthquake that rocked Japan in 2011 set off tremors around a West Texas oil field, according to new research that suggests oil and gas drilling operations may make fault zones sensitive to shock waves from distant big quakes.It's long been known that large quakes can trigger minor jolts thousands of miles from the epicenter. Volcanically active spots like Yellowstone National Park often experience shaking after a large distant event.
2	 After Mike Ross (Patrick J. Adams) revealed to Rachel Zane (Meghan Markle) in the Season 2 finale of  Suits  that he couldn't write her a recommendation to Harvard Law School because he hadn't actually gone there —  I'm a fraud,  he said — the result was not one but two swift slaps to his face, followed by steamy sex among the copying-room shelves.
2	 It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday. No, honestly — it's practically impossible, especially in an age of cyclical nostalgia and Internet -assisted memories. Old musical acts have always gone on comeback tours, but these days the disappearances are getting shorter and nostalgia is fully taking its place alongside discovery as a valid aesthetic-appreciation strategy.
2	 If you happened to catch Jon Voight in a 1963 episode of the television crime series  Naked City,  you may find it surprising that he went on to a successful career for the next 50 years. Yup, it was pretty bad . But today Mr. Voight has a long filmography, an Oscar on the shelf (for   Coming Home  ) and is still working, most recently in the Showtime series  Ray Donovan. To some extent, Mr. Voight has a casting director to thank.
2	 About 20 men and women assembled in a ballet studio in Chinatown on a recent Monday evening to rehearse a sequence of austere and meticulously choreographed movements in silence. Peering over a piece of paper covered in tiny handwriting, Jamie Benson, a choreographer leading this rehearsal of the Shakedown Dance Collective, called out instructions while the group flowed through a series of arm movements, hand gestures, dips and bends. It says 'right arm downward, outward and inward through the thighs,'   he said, as members of the group tried to translate those instructions into a scooping arm movement.
0	  The Atlanta Braves said Monday that they will leave Turner Field in four years for a ballpark they plan to build in the wealthy northern suburbs where most of their fans live. The move follows one already planned by the N.F.L.'s Atlanta Falcons, who have said that they will stay downtown but will trade their current home in the Georgia Dome for a retractable-roof stadium to be built nearby at a cost of.2 billion.The twist is that both teams are abandoning relatively young facilities. Turner Field is just 17 years old. The Georgia Dome is.
4	 As more schools consider arming their employees, some districts are encountering a daunting economic hurdle: insurance carriers threatening to raise their premiums or revoke coverage entirely.During legislative sessions this year, seven states enacted laws permitting teachers or administrators to carry guns in schools . Three of the measures — in Kansas, South Dakota and Tennessee — took effect last week.But already, EMC Insurance Companies, the liability insurance provider for about 90 percent of Kansas school districts, has sent a letter to its agents saying that schools permitting employees to carry concealed handguns would be declined coverage .
4	  DETROIT — Kevyn D. Orr, the man who must now revive Detroit, commutes each week from Maryland to a cavernous old office building here that seems to dare him to succeed: the former headquarters of a company, itself recently in bankruptcy, that once sold more than half of America's cars — General Motors .His office, on the 14th floor, is sparsely furnished, but in the stack of papers on his desk he keeps a few photographs — of New York City at its financial low in the 1970s.
4	  WASHINGTON — The thundering ovations, slickly produced videos and legions of lawmakers were the same as ever. But something was missing as the American Israel Public Affairs Committee convened here this week for its annual conference : tension . Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr . and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, in back-to-back speeches on Monday, sought to smooth over any friction between the United States and Israel, three weeks before President Obama makes his first trip as president to Jerusalem .
0	  DENVER — Rob Brantly scored on a wild pitch to break up a scoreless game in the eighth inning, Donovan Solano homered in a four-run ninth, and the Miami Marlins overcame a 93-minute rain delay to beat the Colorado Rockies 5-3 on Thursday.The Rockies, who dropped three of four to the Marlins, lost slugger Carlos Gonzalez after the third inning when he aggravated a sprain of the middle finger on his right hand. He is day to day.Gonzalez has been dealing with the injury since July 7 when he initially sprained his finger during an at bat against Arizona .
2	 This year in dance dawned with an ending. At the Brooklyn Academy of Music in January, the Trisha Brown Dance Company presented what were announced to be her final works. They weren't her best, but the whole program, sampling from 45 years of choreographing, was of the quality that sets the high end of my critical scale.That same week, Justin Peck held a premiere of  Paz de La Jolla,  the third piece for New York City Ballet from this choreographer who only just emerged from the corps de ballet.
3	 One reason the euro zone is in such a mess is that it has not had the courage to clean up its banks . The United States gave its lenders a proper scrubbing, followed by recapitalization, in. By contrast, the euro zone engaged in a series of halfhearted stress tests that missed many of the biggest banking problems, like those in Cyprus, Ireland and Spain. In recent years, Europe has started to address these problems on a piecemeal basis. But it is still haunted by zombie banks, which are not strong enough to support an economic recovery .
1	 NASA said Thursday that its celebrated planet-hunting Kepler spacecraft, which broke down in May when a reaction wheel that controls its pointing failed, could not be fixed and would never again search for planets around other stars.The disappointing news brings to an end, for now, one phase of the most romantic of space dreams, the search for other Earths among the exoplanets of the Milky Way. NASA has already asked astronomers for ideas on how to use the hobbled spacecraft, whose telescope is in perfect shape.
1	 WALLOPS ISLAND, Va. (AP) — A private company hired by NASA to make supply runs to the International Space Station scrubbed a Wednesday test launch of an unmanned rocket, saying an important data cord linked to the rocket's second stage detached too soon.The towering Antares rocket had been scheduled to blast off Wednesday afternoon from Wallops Island on Virginia's Eastern Shore when the countdown clock was halted at the 12-minute mark.Barron Beneski, a spokesman for Dulles-based Orbital Sciences Corp., said another launch attempt would be tried no sooner than Friday afternoon .
4	  WASHINGTON — Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of Secretary of State John Kerry, who was hospitalized over the weekend after apparently suffering a seizure, was upgraded to fair condition from critical on Monday, the State Department said. She is undergoing further evaluation and Secretary of State John Kerry, her son, and other family members remain with Mrs. Heinz Kerry at the hospital in Boston, as they have been since she became ill,  Glen Johnson, a spokesman for Mr. Kerry, said in a statement.  The family is touched by the outpouring of well wishes. Mrs.
1	 Going underwater with video cameras and sonar, scientists have gained new insights into the mating behavior of humpback whales.They learned that female humpbacks on the prowl prefer the largest males on the breeding ground, while smaller males gravitate toward smaller females — apparently so as  to run less risk of a big male coming over and beating you up,  said Adam Pack, a biologist and psychologist at the University of Hawaii at Hilo.  It's basically making the best of a poor situation,  he added.Dr.
2	 This time a year ago the Paul Taylor Dance Company had its first season at Lincoln Center : a three-week engagement at the David H. Koch Theater . Around the theater you could find printed copies of a remarkable essay by Mr. Taylor,   Why I Make Dances.  Now, just as his company prepares to open its follow-up season at the Koch, Mr. Taylor has brought out a pocket-size book of his writings,  Facts and Fancies: Essays Written Mostly for Fun.
0	 LONDON — The attractive football preached by Swansea City manager Michael Laudrup was displayed to great effect when the Welsh side stunned 10-man Valencia with a 3-0 away victory in the Europa League on Thursday.In their first season in European competition for 22 years, English League Cup holders Swansea took advantage of defender Adil Rami's 10th-minute dismissal to run riot in the Group A clash at the Mestalla with goals from Wilfried Bony, Michu and Jonathan De Guzman.
3	 Boeing 's newest and most sophisticated jet, the 787 Dreamliner, suffered a new mishap on Tuesday when a fuel leak forced an aircraft to return to its gate minutes before taking off from Boston, a day after an electrical fire broke out on another plane.The events were the latest in a series of problems with the, which entered commercial service in November 2011 and has been hit by technical and electric malfunctions since then.
4	  HOUSTON — As he walked through a reception 25 years ago, Sylvester Turner wondered why so many people were wishing him good luck.Mr. Turner was a 33-year-old civil lawyer then, and his confusion cleared once he came across Beulah Shepard, a community activist and the unofficial mayor of Acres Homes, the close-knit, predominantly black Houston neighborhood in which Mr. Turner grew up. She admitted that she had told people that Mr. Turner was running in the open race to replace State Representative Clint Hackney, who had announced he was not running for a fifth term.
2	 PARIS — The actress Emmanuelle Riva, a symbol of the French New Wave and now an octogenarian, wasn't giving much thought to success or even finding a lead role in a film after her last one some 20 years ago . But when the Austrian director Michael Haneke, whose work she had long admired, offered her a starring part in  Amour,  a poignant tale of love and death set in a book-filled Paris apartment, she said yes instantly. I immediately sensed that there was something extraordinary about the script,  said Ms. Riva, 85.
2	 In  The Impulse Wants Company,  a new ballet by Troy Schumacher, the young dancer Harrison Coll, in profile, steps into arabesque. One arm stretches forward into space, one leg continues the line behind him — whereupon first his colleague Kaitlyn Gilliland, tall and mature, goes to support him, keeping him in that position. Next, other companions cluster around, partnering him, sharing and amplifying the gesture. This image coalesces before our eyes like a rapid coral formation. It's a collective moment, and the company that performs it is called BalletCollective.
0	  La PAZ (Reuters) - A Bolivian judge has freed seven of the 12 Brazilian soccer fans held since February as part of an investigation into the death of a Bolivian boy from a flare allegedly launched by supporters of Brazil's Corinthians soccer club .Five of the Brazilians remains in custody and will be tried over the death of the 14-year-old boy during a South American Libertadores Cup match in February.He was hit in the eye and died almost instantly according to the doctor who attended to him.A dozen Corinthians supporters were initially arrested and a criminal investigation was opened.
4	  BOSTON — Brian Halloran had a head so big he was known as Balloonhead to South Boston hoodlums like Kevin Weeks. So when Mr. Halloran got up to leave a restaurant one day in 1982 — and the alleged crime boss James (Whitey) Bulger sat in a souped-up 1975 Chevy Malibu outside waiting to kill him — Mr. Weeks and Mr. Bulger had a code. The balloon is rising,  Mr. Weeks said over a walkie-talkie to Mr. Bulger. Then, as their target headed outside,  the balloon is in the air. With that, Mr.
2	 The new and the vital brush up against the lovingly exhumed in Film Comment Selects, a strong cinematic sampler that starts Monday at the Film Society of Lincoln Center . Each year the brain trust at Film Comment magazine brings together this diverse, pleasure-driven series mostly made up of work that has recently played on the festival circuit, from Berlin to Toronto .
1	 It's that time of year again, when physicists of a certain age, even if they do not want to admit it, are afraid to step into their morning shower for fear of missing the call from Stockholm.This year the pressure is magnified if you are Peter Higgs, 84, a legendarily shy and self-effacing professor at the University of Edinburgh whose name is attached to what is so far the landmark discovery in physics this century: a particle said to be the key to explaining the existence of mass, diversity and — yes — life in the universe, the Higgs boson .
0	 LINCOLN, Neb. — If all goes according to Dennis Molfese's plan, the day is coming when a football player who takes a hit to the head will go to the sideline, take off his helmet and slip on an electrode-covered mesh cap.The team's medical staff will analyze the player's brain waves and determine within minutes whether he can safely return to the game or whether he has sustained a concussion, and if so, how severe.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court released a new legal opinion on Friday that reauthorized the once-secret National Security Agency program that keeps records of every American's phone calls . The opinion also sought to plug a hole in a similar ruling made public last month.In the six- page opinion, which was signed on Oct. 11, Judge Mary A. McLaughlin said she was personally approving for the first time the extension of the call log metadata program, which must be approved every 90 days.
3	  Wal-Mart Stores will extend its health care benefits to its American workers' domestic partners, including those of the same sex, starting Jan. 1.The company, the nation's largest private employer, has been a target of attacks by labor groups for what they call substandard wages and benefits . It said Tuesday that the changes were made so it could have a uniform policy for all 50 states at a time when some states have their own definitions of what constitutes domestic partnerships and civil unions .Employees can enroll their domestic partners from Oct. 12 through Nov. 1.
2	 Even when David Lowery was a movie -mad teenager in Dallas, he was training himself to be a storyteller. Using the clumsy, now blessedly defunct method of VCR-to-VCR editing — record tape from one machine to the other, stop, rewind, repeat — he learned the basics of cinematic rhythm and narrative.  It's just arduous enough that it forces you to think in advance about what you're trying to do — about the big picture, and about how one shot is going to lead to the next,  he said.
0	  MIAMI — In the shadow of the soaring home run sculpture, below a sports bar and above a nightclub, Noel Rodriguez sipped a beer and watched his favorite team lose by seven runs Monday night . He wore a bright orange jersey, No. 7, with Jose Reyes's name stitched on the back. He paid $100 for it last year, he said, and within months it was obsolete. I was going to put a sticker on it that said, 'SOLD,'   said Rodriguez, 31, who works in customs at the Miami airport.
4	  Protests Follow Zimmerman Acquittal: The fallout over the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin was felt across the country on Sunday.The acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin reverberated from church pulpits to street protests across the country on Sunday in a renewed debate about race, crime and how the American justice system handled a racially polarizing killing of a young black man walking in a quiet neighborhood in Florida .
4	 Some of the nation's major food companies declared victory on Wednesday over an initiative in Washington State that would have required labeling of some foods that contain biotech ingredients, although supporters of labeling held out hope that hundreds of thousands of uncounted votes might yet turn the tide .With roughly,000 votes counted, Washington residents appeared to reject mandatory labeling of genetically engineered products, with 55 percent voting against the initiative and 45 percent for it.The Washington secretary of state has not declared a result for the initiative, because roughly,000 mail-in ballots remain to be counted.
0	 MADRID — Barcelona's 2-1 loss at Ajax Amsterdam in the Champions League last week was down to a lack of intensity while Sunday's 1-0 reverse at Athletic Bilbao in La Liga exposed their relative physical frailty.Those were two of the explanations coach Gerardo Martino and the players offered after the Spanish champions suffered their first two defeats of the season during a miserable week that saw them surrender their three-point lead over Atletico Madrid at the top of the La Liga .
0	 LAKELAND, Fla. — Michael Pineda had to wait 501 days for the chance to pitch in his first official game in the Yankees ' organization. Now he will have to wait at least one more.Pineda's scheduled start for the Class A Tampa Yankees was rained out Saturday night . He was scheduled to pitch in a makeup game against the Lakeland Flying Tigers on Sunday afternoon, on the front end of a doubleheader, but scattered thundershowers were forecast . I was excited to pitch tonight,  Pineda said after learning of the rainout.  Hopefully I'll get to pitch tomorrow.
4	  WASHINGTON — An Obama administration plan to change the way the United States distributes its international food aid has touched off an intense lobbying campaign by a coalition of shipping companies, agribusiness and charitable groups who say the change will harm the nation's economy and hamper efforts to fight global hunger.Proponents of the plan, however, say it would enable the United States to feed about 17 million more people each year, while helping to fight poverty by buying the crops of farmers in poor countries .
3	 I'VE been traveling my entire life. My dad was an importer who traveled quite a bit to Asia back in the 1960s. So I think my family was actually bred to travel.I am a serial entrepreneur, and at one point in my career when I was opening our supply offices for my semiconductor business, I had to travel to about 30 different countries . For the last seven years, as the founder of Make Meaning, I've been traveling to meet with investors and to source ideas and inspiration for new craft experiences to offer in our stores .
3	 Grangemouth is only one outpost in the global empire of James A. Ratcliffe, but he has said that profitable units in the United States and elsewhere should not subsidize those losing money in Britain.Over two decades, Mr. Ratcliffe, 61, who owns more than 70 percent of Ineos, has shaped the private company into a global leader in petrochemicals with $43 billion in sales, including those from joint ventures, and about 50 plants. But the company's core, Ineos Group Holdings, said it had a loss of 287 million euros last year on revenue of.2 billion.Grangemouth was a big reason for that.
0	 Ed Warinner, who grew up near Canton, Ohio, and played for Mount Union, embodied the background Urban Meyer sought.Warinner coached at Army and at Air Force, where he learned about tradition and sacrifice at places he still calls sacred ground. He also coached at Kansas, where his offenses threw for thousands of yards, and at Notre Dame, a dream gig for a Midwest guy with Catholic roots. That all fits here,  said Warinner, a co- offensive coordinator and the offensive line coach.  Fits perfect.
3	  The Transportation Security Administration is taking another step back from its one-size-fits-all security screening that requires all airline passengers to remove their belts, shoes and coats at checkpoints.The agency already makes some exceptions, including allowing some frequent travelers who have passed background checks to move more quickly through security — an E-ZPass, of sorts, called PreCheck for passengers traveling in the United States .Now, the agency is testing a new behavior detection program where officers use on-the-spot observations and conversations with passengers to select some for the quicker pass through the checkpoint.The program, which the T.S.A.
4	  WASHINGTON — A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the Energy Department must stop collecting fees of about $750 million a year that are paid by consumers and intended to fund a program for the disposal of nuclear waste . The reason, the court said, is that there is no such program. Congress passed a law that established the fee in the early 1980s, to be paid by customers who use electricity from reactors .
3	  HONG KONG — Inflation data from China on Tuesday offered the latest evidence of weakness in the Chinese economy, as producer prices sagged in June amid lackluster demand and excess capacity . The average price of goods as they left the factory gate was.7 percent lower in June than during the same month last year — the 16th month in a row that the producer prices fell – highlighting that producers are struggling to lift prices in an economy that has been cooling for many months.Prices as seen from the perspective of the consumer edged up slightly, by.
1	 Yuri Milner, the Russian entrepreneur, philanthropist and self-described  failed physicist  who made a splash two years ago when he began handing out lavish cash awards to scientists, is expanding the universe of his largess again: He and Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook announced Thursday night that they would begin handing out $3 million awards to mathematicians.Starting next year, the Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics, as it will be called, will join the Fundamental Physics Prize, which Mr.
2	 Amid the euphoria following the Supreme Court's striking down the Defense of Marriage Act, allowing married gay and lesbian couples to enjoy federal benefits granted to wedded heterosexuals, one word that remains seldom heard is  sex.  Sex, as sexual orientation ? Yes. Sexual, as in sexual equality ? Yes. But the thing itself, the primal catalyst? Not much.In public discourse, sex acts that not so long ago were widely criminalized have gone largely unmentioned amid the torrent of high-minded rhetoric about equality .
3	 LONDON — The mining giant Glencore Xstrata reported sharply lower results on Tuesday after it wrote down.7 billion on the value of assets it acquired as part of the merger that created the company . BHP Billiton, the world's largest miner, also reported a drop in profit because of a decline in commodity prices as a result of weaker worldwide demand .
4	  WASHINGTON — Despite the addition of more than two million jobs last year, soaring corporate profits and continuing economic growth, income for the typical American household did not rise in 2012 and poverty failed to fall, new data from the Census Bureau show. The poverty and income numbers are a metaphor for the entire economy,  said Ron Haskins of the Brookings Institution .  Everything's on hold, but at a bad level.
0	 It was not pretty, as Michael Del Zotto attested after he scored one goal and set up another in the Rangers ' 2-1 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday. But, as he added, the Rangers found a way to win.Finding a way to win was something the Rangers  did a great job of last year,  Del Zotto said. True. It was also true that this one was not pretty.The Rangers barely escaped with the win and lost their captain, Ryan Callahan, with an undisclosed injury to his left arm or shoulder.
3	  DETROIT — Chrysler said on Tuesday that second-quarter net income increased 16 percent, to $507 million, mostly as a result of improved sales of core products like Jeep sport utility vehicles and Ram pickup trucks .Chrysler, the third-largest American automaker behind General Motors and the Ford Motor Company, also reported quarterly revenue of $18 billion, a 7 percent improvement from the period a year earlier. Sergio Marchionne, the chief executive of both Chrysler and its Italian parent, Fiat, said the American automaker benefited from increased shipments of models like the Jeep Grand Cherokee .
2	 And television is intent on recapturing that moment of rapt, uninterrupted and wholly unprecedented attention.The extravaganza surrounding the 50th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination is a poignant last hurrah that could prove as glorious — and futile — as a cavalry charge in the era of drone attacks . Modern television was born on the day John F. Kennedy died.The current outpouring of specials, documentaries and dramas is as much a commemoration of the medium as it is of the man.
3	 Hoping to give new meaning to the term   natural light,  a small group of biotechnology hobbyists and entrepreneurs has started a project to develop plants that glow, potentially leading the way for trees that can replace electric streetlamps and potted flowers luminous enough to read by.The project, which will use a sophisticated form of genetic engineering called synthetic biology, is attracting attention not only for its audacious goal, but for how it is being carried out.
4	  WASHINGTON — Days after his administration filed suit against Texas to protect minority voters, President Obama told civil rights leaders and local officials on Monday that the federal government would vigorously enforce voting rights in the country despite a Supreme Court ruling against a core section of a landmark 1965 law, several participants said after a White House meeting. The president said that the Voting Rights Act is not dead, it's not even critical, it's just wounded,  said the Rev. Al Sharpton, the civil rights activist and MSNBC talk show host .  He was very reassuring,  Mr.
4	  Health care providers in Texas could soon collect or verify patient information by swiping that patient's driver's license .The measure allowing such data collection is one of a handful that the Texas Medical Association is pushing this legislative session to help modernize medical practices. The association is also backing bills that would standardize preauthorization forms used by health plans for prescription drugs and health care services . A lot of these things are easy fixes,  said Dr. Michael Speer, president of the Texas Medical Association .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Tuesday seemed prepared to strike down a part of federal campaign finance law left intact by its decision in Citizens United in: overall limits on direct contributions from individuals to candidates .The justices seemed to divide along familiar ideological lines, and they articulated starkly different understandings of the role of money and free speech in American politics. By having these limits, you are promoting democratic participation,  Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said.
0	 (Reuters) - Chievo parted company with coach Eugenio Corini on Wednesday despite acknowledging they had reached their season's target under his guidance.Mid-table Serie A sides rarely keep managers for more than a season, sticking to one-year contracts to hold costs down while hoping a change might prompt a sudden, if unlikely, charge up the table in the following campaign. After having reached the agreed objective of 12th spot in Serie A, Chievo and Eugenio Corini have decided together to not renew their contract for,  a club statement read .
3	 FRANKFURT — The head of the European Central Bank on Thursday rejected suggestions that Cyprus or any other country might give up the euro or be better off if it did.During the last year, Mario Draghi, president of the bank, has managed to quiet financial markets, cap government borrowing costs and contain the euro zone crisis by making it clear that the bank would not allow the 17-country euro currency union to come apart. But it is not clear what tools he sees at his disposal.
2	 Whatever you thought of NBC's live   Sound of Music   last week, it was not television's musical event of the season. The forthcoming finals of  The Voice? Also not. Last month's Country Music Awards, Tuesday's American Country Awards or the recent   Barbra Streisand : Back to Brooklyn? Not, not, not.The winner is Sunday's hilarious musical episode of the USA series  Psych,  one of television's most consistently smart and amusing shows. Promotional spots for the two-hour special episode have been running seemingly all year, and the payoff is pretty sweet.
2	 The Rev. Gean West says he feels like Abraham, whom God made a father in his dotage. It's been 43 years since he and his brother Tommie formed the gospel group the Relatives in Dallas and 33 years since the band broke up after releasing a few funky singles but scoring no hits.Yet here the West brothers are, putting out their first full-length album, with several new songs and a few of their old numbers. At, Gean West is touring again, playing places like Lincoln Center, the Bell House in Brooklyn and Joe's Pub.
3	 Shares of the electronics retailer Best Buy plunged after it said extended store hours and price-cutting could squeeze its fourth-quarter profit . Campbell Soup fell sharply after reporting that its profit slumped as sales of soups and V8 drinks fell. The two stocks were the biggest decliners in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index .Even with the slight decline, the S.&P. 500 is still up.4 percent so far in 2013 and has risen for six weeks straight, the longest winning streak since February. The extended run-up has prompted a number of market watchers to call for caution.
3	 The stock market eked out small gains on Tuesday after an upturn in technology companies offset weakness in other parts of the market, including a drop in airline shares.The gain in technology stocks was driven by Apple, which surged.21, or.8 percent, to.57 after the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn posted on Twitter that he held a large position in the company and that its stock was undervalued.August has begun as a lackluster month for the stock market as major indexes fail to add significantly to gains made in July.
4	 DENTON — Every two months, Christopher J. Churchill, a United States Geological Survey biologist, scuba dives in Ray Roberts Lake, northwest of Dallas, to monitor the growth rates of zebra mussels, which have wreaked havoc on several Texas lakes and rivers. A year ago, it was hard to find just one zebra mussel,  Mr. Churchill said.  They're everywhere now. Mr. Churchill's assignment follows the discovery in 2009 of the nonnative zebra mussels in Lake Texoma in North Texas .
2	 Here are three words that strike fear in the hearts of many: participatory dance performance.As the choreographer Yanira Castro recently explained in a restaurant not far from her Brooklyn home,  it makes me think of an audience in seats and suddenly they're asked onstage, and there's all this discomfort because you're going to make them to do something they don't want to do.  And yet,  participatory  is an unavoidable label for Ms. Castro's latest work,  The People to Come.
4	  MIAMI — Up for re- election in 2014 and still deeply unpopular, Gov . Rick Scott announced the largest proposed budget in Florida history on Thursday.2 billion, or $4 billion more than last year — and said he wanted to sharply increase education spending .As his budget centerpiece, the governor proposed raising teacher salaries across the board by,500 a year and dedicating.2 billion more to public schools . The increase would give Florida schools the largest budget ever, the governor said. Mr. Scott said his other priority was to spur manufacturing jobs by eliminating a sales tax on equipment.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — The meeting began, as so many in middle-school auditoriums do, uncomfortably. Parents squeezed into chairs fit for 12-year-old knees. The speaker's first question fell flat. Estamos listos a aprender mucho?  repeated Montserrat Garibay, an official with the local teachers' union . Are we ready to learn a lot?The response —  Si!  — sounded more convincing the second time around. So Ms. Garibay, 34, dressed in jeans and a T-shirt that said  My Dream is Our Dream,  pressed ahead with her presentation.
2	 It was mid-October, and six stand-up comedians were working on a sketch in the writers' room of the new series  Inside Amy Schumer,  trying to come up with funny ways to commit suicide.  What if it was something with a low level of success, like throwing yourself down stairs?  Tig Notaro suggested.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — Drew Brees wasn't entirely thrilled with his 357-yard, two-touchdown performance through the air against the rival Atlanta Falcons .New Orleans settled for field goals three times, and the star quarterback thought the Saints should have mustered a couple more touchdowns instead.Brees was gratified, though, that his side of the ball didn't have to be quite that prolific on Sunday.
4	  WASHINGTON — Gabrielle Giffords was scheduled to receive a Profile in Courage award Sunday at the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston . The award is fitting, though she is displaying a different kind of courage than was celebrated by the late president in his 1957 best-selling book.In, Ms. Giffords, then an Arizona congresswoman, was gravely injured when she was shot in the head by a deranged gunman at a Tucson political event, where six people were killed.Ms. Giffords has undergone an excruciating rehabilitation and had to resign her House seat.
0	 LONDON — When you play in the Champions League and both the history of your club and the size of your salary exceed those of every other competitor in the game, you need to put on one heck of a show. Cristiano Ronaldo did exactly that on Tuesday night .On Sunday, he signed a new contract committing the rest of his athletic prime to Real Madrid . A bespectacled Ronaldo and a seemingly grateful club president, Florentino Pérez, completed the deal in a televised event in the stands of Bernabéu Stadium.
3	 Boeing asked airlines on Sunday to inspect several additional models of aircraft worldwide to gather data on Honeywell International emergency beacons that have come under scrutiny following a fire on a parked 787 Dreamliner more than two weeks ago .As many as,200 aircraft from its smallest to largest models have been fitted with the devices, but Boeing is asking that airlines inspect as many as possible and report back within 10 days to help regulators decide what action to take, if any.
3	  DETROIT — General Motors, the nation's biggest automaker, said on Thursday that its net income fell 19 percent in the second quarter, mostly because of a sharp drop in pretax profit in Asia .G.M. said it earned.2 billion in the quarter, compared with.49 billion in the same period a year ago, although it narrowed its losses considerably in Europe, where weak economic conditions have driven new- car sales to their lowest levels since the 1990s.The company said that its global revenue rose 4 percent, to.1 billion, and that worldwide sales, including joint ventures, increased 4 percent to.49 million vehicles .
4	 Youth advocates have long argued that juveniles incarcerated in adult prisons and jails are at heightened risk for rape and other forms of sexual abuse because of their age. But a government survey released on Thursday found that juveniles did not report significantly more sexual victimization than adult inmates.The survey, which also examined sexual victimization among adult inmates, offers the first national estimates of the prevalence of sexual abuse among juveniles housed in adult facilities.
4	  WASHINGTON — The fact that alcohol dissipates from the bloodstream over time does not by itself give the police the right to draw blood without a warrant in drunken-driving investigations, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday.The case arose from the arrest of Tyler G. McNeely, who was pulled over for speeding on a Missouri highway and, the State Supreme Court said, exhibited  the telltale signs of intoxication — bloodshot eyes, slurred speech and the smell of alcohol on his breath.  He performed poorly on a field sobriety test and was arrested.Mr.
0	  BOSTON — News helicopters circled the sky above the Back Bay neighborhood on Thursday afternoon after Aaron Hernandez, the Patriots tight end whose home was searched by the police this week after the death of an acquaintance, drove his white sport utility vehicle here from his home in North Attleborough, Mass. Reporters followed breathlessly, evoking comparisons to the pursuit of O. J. Simpson by the police in. Sounds familiar, doesn't it?  said Michael McDowell, a laborer for a mason contractor, as he cleared off the bed of a company truck and looked up at a chopper overhead.
4	 A new study by the Brookings Institution presents what the group calls  an emerging portrait  of young immigrants who have sought a temporary reprieve from deportation under a year-old program that is one of President Obama's signature immigration initiatives.The study shows that the population of applicants, who must be between 15 and 30 years old, is heavily skewed toward the younger end of that spectrum : most were under 21 and more than a third were younger than.
0	 PARIS — Grimacing after some poor shots, leaning forward with hands on knees while catching her breath after others, Venus Williams left the French Open after the first round for the first time since. Williams, a seven- time Grand Slam champion and former No. 1-ranked player seeded 30th at Roland Garros, felt hampered by a bad back, had problems with her serve — all sorts of strokes, actually — and lost, 6-7 (4), 6-4 Sunday to 40th-ranked Urszula Radwanska of Poland, who never has been past the second round of a major tournament.
0	  CHICAGO — Jeff Keppinger drove in the winning run on a single in the 11th and John Danks was solid in his season debut and the Chicago White Sox beat the Miami Marlins 4-3 on Friday night . Paul Konerko started the rally with a one-out single. Pinch runner Tyler Greene moved to third when Dayan Viciedo singled off the glove of second baseman Derek Dietrich.Nate Jones (1-4) pitched two-thirds of an inning for the win.
0	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — Martin Jones' NHL debut ended in a nine-round shootout, with the Anaheim Ducks' high-scoring lineup taking turns bearing down on the Los Angeles Kings' new goalie.Jones faced up to the pressure and turned away everything he saw, leading the Kings to a strong start to the Freeway Faceoff.Jones made 26 saves before his perfect shootout performance, and Dwight King scored the only shootout goal Tuesday night in the Kings' 3-2 victory over the Ducks . Jeff Carter and captain Dustin Brown scored for the Kings, who have earned a point in 13 of their last 14 games.
1	 Where did dogs come from? That simple question is the subject of a scientific debate right now. In May, a team of scientists published a study pointing to East Asia as the place where dogs evolved from wolves . Now, another group of researchers has announced that dogs evolved several thousand miles to the west, in Europe.This controversy is intriguing even if you're not a dog lover. It illuminates the challenges scientists face as they excavate the history of any species from its DNA.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama 's personal income has plummeted in the four years since he was first inaugurated, thanks mostly to declining sales of his two best-selling books, according to his 2012 tax returns released on Friday.For, Mr. Obama and Michelle Obama reported earning.5 million in income, almost all of it from royalties related to Mr. Obama's books,  Dreams From My Father  and  The Audacity of Hope.  Sales of the books made him a multimillionaire.
2	 During its short life so far, NBC's splendid fairy tale action-adventure  Grimm  — one of the network's few nonfootball successes — has been stranded on Friday nights . For company, the network has given it a motley crew of  Dateline,  a few disposable reality shows and the last months of  Chuck.  Grimm  returns this week for its third season, and this time it has a legitimate partner, the new vampire drama  Dracula.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to decide cases on the First Amendment rights of groups fighting AIDS and the Fifth Amendment rights of people who refuse to answer questions from the police .The First Amendment case arose from a 2003 law that requires private groups that receive federal money to combat AIDS abroad to have  a policy explicitly opposing prostitution.  The restriction does not apply to other recipients, including the World Health Organization .
2	 The last time we saw Detective Chief Inspector John Luther, a young woman he had just rescued from the pornography business offered him an endorsement that pretty much summed up the thinking behind the BBC crime drama  Luther.   You're totally epic,  she said, and though he was taken aback for a moment, he couldn't disagree.
4	  WASHINGTON — A New Mexico law forbids businesses open to the public to discriminate against gay people. Elaine Huguenin, a photographer, says she has no problem with that — so long as it does not force her to say something she does not believe.In asking the Supreme Court to hear her challenge to the law, Ms. Huguenin said that she would  gladly serve gays and lesbians — by, for example, providing them with portrait photography,  but that she did not want to tell the stories of same-sex weddings .
1	  WASHINGTON — Feeling chilly? Here's cold comfort: You could be in East Antarctica which new data says set a record for  soul-crushing  cold.Try.8 degrees Fahrenheit below zero; that's.2 degrees below zero Celsius, which sounds only slightly toastier. Better yet, don't try it. That's so cold scientists say it hurts to breathe.A new look at NASA satellite data revealed that Earth set a new record for coldest temperature recorded. It happened in August 2010 when it hit.8 degrees. Then on July 31 of this year, it came close again: -135.3 degrees.The old record had been.6 degrees, which is.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama joined former campaign staff members and some of his most ardent supporters on Wednesday night, headlining a two-day meeting of an independent group, Organizing for Action, that is intended to bolster his agenda in Congress .The new group hopes to cut through Washington's legislative logjams by harnessing the millions of volunteers and donors who helped elect Mr. Obama to a second term last fall, turning their enthusiasm and money to grass-roots lobbying on issues like immigration, climate change and the expansion of Medicaid .
3	  WASHINGTON — Negotiations over a trade deal encompassing nearly half the global economy formally kicked off on Monday, despite concerns that the United States has been spying on its European allies .European officials have called the potential free trade agreement with the United States a  once-in-a-generation prize,  with the prospect of adding hundreds of billions of dollars in yearly growth and thousands of jobs to the still-lagging European and American economies .
4	 Eligible to Enroll: David Elson is among thousands of Kentuckians who are considering their options for health insurance coverage under the Affordable Care Act .LA GRANGE, Ky. — Kelli Cauley's fingers raced over her keyboard as she asked the anxious woman at her side a series of questions. What was her income ? How many people lived in her household? Did she smoke? ( That's the only health question it asks,  Ms. Cauley said of the application they were completing.
4	 Clinton Bamberger lost the most important case of his career, but most legal experts consider that 1963 United States Supreme Court decision a crucial victory for criminal justice . Everybody thinks I won it,  said Mr. Bamberger, 87, now a professor emeritus of law at the University of Maryland . He represented John L. Brady, a death row inmate, in Brady v. Maryland, in which the justices ruled that prosecutors are obligated to provide defendants exculpatory evidence  material either to guilt or to punishment.
0	 BETHESDA, Md. — Bill Haas keeps winning the right tournaments to position himself on the periphery of the elite in golf .His three- shot victory Sunday in the AT&T National was his fourth straight season with at least one PGA Tour title, joining a short list with Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson and Justin Rose . Some of that is good timing, though to suggest it's merely a coincidence would be to ignore an abundance of natural talent.The trick is getting to the next level, and Haas knows the way. Work a little harder,  he said.
4	 Between them, Senator John Kerry and Chuck Hagel have five Purple Hearts for wounds suffered in Vietnam, shared a harrowing combat experience in the Mekong Delta and responded in different ways to the conflict that tore their generation apart. But in nominating one as secretary of state and the other as defense secretary, President Obama hopes to bring to his administration two veterans with the same sensibility about the futilities of war.Mr.
4	  BOSTON — In the grim catalog of 19 murders ascribed to James (Whitey) Bulger, the death of Debra Davis in 1981 stands out.She was, with feathery Farrah Fawcett hair, the girlfriend of Stephen (the Rifleman) Flemmi, Mr. Bulger's partner in crime . But Ms. Davis knew too much about their underworld dealings and that they were informers for the F.B.I. And so, Mr. Flemmi has said, Mr. Bulger choked Ms. Davis to death one day with his bare hands .Mr. Flemmi, using pliers, yanked out her teeth to obscure her identity.
0	  ATLANTA — Auburn and Missouri are competing for the Southeastern Conference title Saturday, and possibly a chance to play for the national championship .Yet both teams have to guard against a letdown.As ludicrous as that might sound, Auburn and Missouri are coming off emotionally charged victories last week that gave each coach a reason to fret just a bit.No.
3	 The stock market slid for a second day on Tuesday after a pair of Federal Reserve officials made comments that left investors uncertain about the timing of a possible reduction in the central bank's economic stimulus program .Dennis P. Lockhart, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, told Market News International that the Fed could begin trimming the size of its purchases of Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds, now at $85 billion a month, as soon as September. But he added that the Fed might wait longer if the expected economic growth in the year's second half failed to materialize .
3	 With fair-trade coffee and organic fruit now standard on grocery shelves, consumers concerned with working conditions, environmental issues and outsourcing are increasingly demanding similar accountability for their T-shirts. The issue has been brought to the forefront by the garment factory collapse in Bangladesh, which killed more than 800 people.And some retailers are doing what was once unthinkable, handing over information about exactly how, and where, their products were made.Everlane, an online boutique, last week added paragraphs to its Web site describing the factories where its products are made.
3	 MADRID — Sheldon G. Adelson, the billionaire casino magnate, on Friday abandoned his plans to build a $30 billion gambling and leisure resort on the outskirts of Madrid after failing to win financial concessions and other favors from the Spanish government .The decision by Mr. Adelson's company, Las Vegas Sands, to drop its EuroVegas resort project is an economic blow not just for Madrid but for Spain as a whole. The country has been pining for foreign investment to help revive its economy and cut its 26 percent unemployment rate .
0	 When Canadian doubles star Daniel Nestor was playing in the U.S. Open last week, his older daughter was back home in Toronto attending her first day of kindergarten.As they do almost every day of the 35 weeks Nestor is on the road, father and daughter shared the details of their days via Skype . (Tiana) is very shy,  Nestor said from Belgrade, where Canada will play Serbia this weekend in a Davis Cup semifinal. She's one of those kids who, if she's somewhere for three hours, the last hour she comes into her own.
1	 Like ocean waters around the world, the Chesapeake has become more and more acidic as a result of rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Now, by studying oyster populations in relation to acidity levels, a team of researchers has concluded that oysters — particularly their shells — can play a significant role in reducing that acidity.
2	 GAINESVILLE, Fla. — A hush descended on the auditorium of the University of Florida 's Phillips Center here on a recent afternoon, as wide-eyed children leaned forward in their seats, watching the Queen of Hearts lead Alice to the Gryphon. Suspended from fine threads inside a jewel box of a traveling stage, the characters moved with fluid grace, their gestures synchronized to the actors' voices and the soft strains of folk music that came off the speakers in the Salzburg Marionette Theater 's production of   Alice in Wonderland .
4	 Some Texas animal shelters have until January to comply with a new law that bans the use of compressed carbon monoxide to euthanize dogs and cats. Although the shelter operators say they welcome the change, they also say that adapting to the new requirements will be neither easy nor cheap.Last month, Texas became the 21 st state to ban the use of gas as a means of euthanasia for animals that have not been claimed or adopted. Now the only legal method is injection of pentobarbital.
2	 Smalls, the endearingly casual Greenwich Village jazz club, was packed on Wednesday night for the first set by the Alex Sipiagin Group. Mr. Sipiagin, an exactingly skilled trumpeter, was celebrating the release of  Live at Smalls,  his new post-bop album on the SmallsLIVE label, for an audience occupying the club's flea-market assortment of benches, chairs and barstools, or standing around the back of the room.Then there were those who took in the set from a glowing screen, hundreds or even thousands of miles away.
2	 Full disclosure is the plan on Throwing Muses' first album since:  Purgatory Paradise,  a 32-song album released, in its deluxe version, with a 64-page hardcover book from HarperCollins. Kristin Hersh, the band's songwriter, singer and guitarist, impressionistically details the makings of her terse, splintered songs, many of them just over a minute each but still eventful, with titles and tunes reappearing like multiple episodes. Some of the music is unplugged but scrappy, with shifting meters and the grit in Ms. Hersh's voice; they're more scuffle than skiffle.
2	 In music, creepiness is construct, almost totally in the ear of the listener. But a pair of shows on Halloween night in Brooklyn seemed, from a distance, as if they might be able to get beyond the usual camp-ghoul club nights — in which the audience turns up in costume and does most of the work — to achieve legitimate creepiness in and of themselves.Both shows were slow, heavy and post-everything: evoking exhaustion and wonder, but also industrial decay, old factories by the river, rusted objects of great weight and unknown use.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — Jim and John Harbaugh compete on many levels, most notably as coaches of opposing teams in the Super Bowl on Sunday. But when it comes to inspirational first fans, John seems to have the upper hand .After all, the Ravens have had Muhammad Ali in their corner.Before their season opener in September, John Harbaugh, Baltimore's coach, arranged for Ali to make a surprise visit to the Ravens' practice. Ali spent about an hour with the players and some of their children, and he posed for pictures and shook some hands.
2	 He wrote about hustlers, drag queens and speed freaks, and about the ordinary dreamers, misfits and down-and-outers who populated the hotels and nighttime streets of New York City — native-born New Yorkers like himself, and all the lost or marginal seekers who came to the city to become somebody else or take a walk on the wild side.
2	  PHILADELPHIA — No matter what the title of the show promises, the skies over this location shoot for  It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia   had offered only thunderstorms broken up by occasional periods of mugginess. Maybe that was typical weather for this recent summer morning, or maybe it was the influence of the authors of the scene about to be filmed, who were thousands of miles away, busy with their regularly foreboding duties.
4	 A women's rights group filed a lawsuit in federal court on Tuesday to block the country's most stringent abortion law, a North Dakota ban on abortions as early as six weeks into pregnancy.Adopted in March, the law forbids abortions once a fetal heartbeat is  detectable,  which can be as early as six weeks and before some women know they are pregnant. Rights groups and the state's only abortion clinic, the Red River Women's Clinic in Fargo, promised at the time to bring a legal challenge .
4	 EDGARTOWN, Mass. — President Obama and his wife, Michelle, have begun a weeklong holiday on Martha's Vineyard that, for now at least, is more a romantic getaway than a family vacation.While their daughters, Malia and Sasha, are away at summer camp and not scheduled to join them until later in the week, the Obamas have put off their usual menu of family activities like mountain biking and a trip to the local bookstore in favor of dinner at the Sweet Life Cafe and a cocktail party . Mr.
2	 Students in this year's high school musical at the School of the Future in Manhattan were milling around the auditorium before a performance the other day, when a senior hooked his phone to the sound system and played a new song he had found online . The beat was pure 1970s disco — smooth vocals, a funky syncopated guitar riff riding over a tight drum-and-bass groove.The teenagers, who were born two decades after disco died, started moving to the music. Everyone resonated with it,  recalled Sora Suzuki, 16.  You just kind of get absorbed into it.
0	 AUSTIN, Texas — Adreian Payne scored a career-high 32 points and No. 5 Michigan State dominated the final 11 minutes of a 92-78 victory over Texas on Saturday.The Spartans (10-1) led for only 56 seconds in the first half as Texas (10-2) controlled the game early. Michigan State used a 9-2 run to take a 52-50 lead about halfway through the second half. Following two quick buckets by Jonathan Holmes, six Spartans scored during a 14-2 run that put the game away.
4	  WASHINGTON — For years, intelligence officials have tried to debunk what they called a popular myth about the National Security Agency : that its electronic net routinely sweeps up information about millions of Americans . In speeches and Congressional testimony, they have suggested that the agency's immense power is focused exclusively on terrorists and other foreign targets, and that it does not invade Americans' privacy.
4	  Delaware on Tuesday became the 11th state to permit same-sex marriage, the latest in a string of victories for those working to extend marital rights to gay and lesbian couples .The marriage bill passed the State Senate by a vote of 12 to 9 Tuesday afternoon . It's a great day in Delaware,  said Gov . Jack Markell, a Democrat, who signed it within minutes of passage before an overjoyed crowd of activists .  I am signing this bill now because I do not intend to make any of you wait one moment longer.
2	  SOUTH YARMOUTH, Mass. — There's a moment in  Learning to Listen: The Jazz Journey of Gary Burton,  an autobiography due out on Sept. 3 from Berklee Press, that depicts the author's earliest encounter with Miles Davis. It happened at a summer jazz festival in Mr. Burton's home state, Indiana, and probably could have gone a little better.The year was. Mr. Burton was, a precocious vibraphonist enrolled in the first Stan Kenton Jazz Camp. Davis was playing the festival with his sextet, which had just made the album  Kind of Blue.
3	 RUESSELSHEIM, Germany (Reuters) - General Motors renewed a commitment to its loss-making European brand on Wednesday, pledging to invest 4 billion euros .2 billion) in Opel by the end of 2016 to support new model launches.GM is aiming for a slight improvement in its European business this year, but not enough to avoid a 14th straight annual loss as car sales on the continent plunge to their lowest in almost two decades.Speculation has persisted that GM might shift Opel's assets off its balance sheet into a joint venture with struggling French ally PSA Peugeot Citroen, or even sell Opel entirely.
3	  The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits hit a five-year low last week and residential construction surged in December, the latest signs that the American economic recovery remains on track .The reports on Thursday showed the economy was weathering an uncertain fiscal environment surprisingly well. Still, growth in the fourth quarter was most likely subdued, and only a modest pickup was expected in the first three months of this year.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday tried to find the right balance between air safety and a pilot's reputation, with several justices taking an unusually active role in framing the issues to be decided by the court .The case arose from friction between Air Wisconsin Airlines and William L. Hoeper, one of its pilots, who failed a series of tests he had needed to pass to qualify to fly a new kind of aircraft. Mr.
3	 Bart Chilton, a Democratic member of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission . He agrees with Commissioner Gary Gensler that the agency can no longer delay rules that would rein in lucrative trading by banks overseas. Wall Street lobbyists want to extend a July 12 deadline. We're tiptoeing into a potentially very deep and interesting new way of communicating. Mitchell Stephens, author of  The Rise of the Image, the Fall of the Word,  and a journalism professor at New York University, talking about apps like Instagram and Snapchat that allow dialogue through photography.
1	 In, a Spanish fleet was sailing up the Pacific coast of Mexico when the crew became deathly ill.  The first symptom is pain in the whole body that makes it sensitive to touch,  wrote Antonio de la Ascensión, a priest on the expedition.  Purple spots begin to cover the body, especially from the waist down; then the gums become so swollen that the teeth cannot be brought together, and they can only drink, and finally they die all of a sudden, while talking.
3	 PARIS — If anyone thought working out a free-trade agreement between the United States and the European Union was going to be easy, France has a message: Slow down. We will all win, provided we don't rush,  the French trade minister, Nicole Bricq, told journalists on Monday after meeting with French business leaders .
4	  WEST, Tex. — When the federal government declined to give Texas officials all the disaster aid they sought after a deadly fertilizer plant explosion here in April, it not only outraged local leaders struggling to rebuild but also raised another, politically thornier issue.Why ask Washington for federal dollars for aid when Texas has plenty of its own dollars ?In a request sent last month to President Obama, Gov . Rick Perry wrote that the magnitude and severity of the disaster exceeded state and local resources.
3	 U.S. News & World Report released its eagerly anticipated annual rankings of universities and colleges this week, and two of the usual suspects — Princeton University and Williams College — came out on top. Prospective students and their parents can evaluate these institutions on a variety of measures deemed important by U.S. News.What they won't find is any way to assess what some consider the most important issue in this still-tough economy : How much can graduates of these schools expect to earn?For those answers, long a taboo within the hallowed walls of academia, they can turn to PayScale.com. Like U.S.
0	  COSTA DO SAUIPE, Brazil — FIFA says tickets for the final and the opening match of the 2014 World Cup will not be available to fans when a new sales phase opens after Friday's draw in Brazil. Soccer's governing body had been saying it would sell tickets to all 64 matches beginning Sunday, but the high- demand matches in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro will be blocked off again for now.Tickets for the two matches were among those already not available in the previous ticket sales .
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — A steady hand gave Justin Rose the shiny U.S. Open Trophy . A wild ride gave Phil Mickelson yet another silver medal .Rose captured his first major championship on Sunday with remarkable calm and three pure shots on the punishing closing holes at Merion. A par on the 18th hole gave him an even-par, and that was good enough to become the first Englishman in 43 years to win America's national championship .Rose hit 5-iron to the first cut of rough, pin-high on the 17th for an easy par.
0	 (Reuters) - Striker Iago Aspas became Liverpool's third close-season signing on Sunday when his long mooted deal was confirmed.A club statement said Aspas passed a medical at the Red's Melwood training complex with the Spaniard inking a long-term contract - subject to international clearance.The 25-year-old scored 12 goals and provided seven assists in 34 appearances for former club Celta Vigo last season.Manager Brendan Rodgers' latest signing joins Spanish Under-21 player Luis Alberto and former Manchester City defender Kolo Toure at Anfield .
3	  The Federal Aviation Administration said Wednesday that it was grounding all Boeing 787s operated by United States carriers until it can determine what caused a new type of battery to catch fire on two planes in nine days.The decision follows incidents involving a plane parked in Boston and one in Japan that was forced to make an emergency landing on Wednesday morning after an alarm warning of smoke in the cockpit. The problems prompted All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines to voluntarily ground their 787s.The F.A.A.
1	  LOS ANGELES — A spacecraft that gave scientists their first peek into a comet's icy interior will explore no more, NASA said Friday.The space agency declared an end to the Deep Impact spacecraft after it unexpectedly fell silent . Engineers tried for a month to regain contact, but lost hope.Mission scientist Jessica Sunshine of the University of Maryland said she was  saddened at the loss of an old friend. Deep Impact put on a celestial fireworks display July, 2005, when it fired a projectile into comet Tempel.
3	 There is little doubting the ambitions of the giant Middle Eastern airlines, but recent large plane orders demonstrated just how aggressively these carriers plan to compete in coming years.The three airlines — Emirates, Etihad Airlines and Qatar Airways — all based in the same corner of the Persian Gulf, already operate more wide-body airplanes than all the American carriers put together. But last week, at the Dubai Air Show, they announced plans to buy 350 more long-range planes from Boeing and Airbus, with orders valued at a record $162 billion and deliveries extending well into the next decade.
2	 As a child growing up in Switzerland, Jens Kruger was so fascinated by a broken tenor banjo owned by his father — actually, just the neck of it — that he nailed strings to it and silently taught himself the fingering for several chords. When his mother bought him a proper banjo at about the age of, Mr. Kruger said,  I could finally hear how all these chords sounded. These days, Mr. Kruger, 50, who composes bluegrass music and plays banjo in a trio called the Kruger Brothers, can presumably afford better equipment.
4	 NEW ORLEANS — A former New Orleans police officer who was convicted three years ago in the shooting death of a civilian in the days after Hurricane Katrina, but was granted a retrial on appeal, was acquitted Wednesday on all counts.A jury found the former officer, David Warren, 50, not guilty on two federal charges relating to the death of Henry Glover, who was shot behind a strip mall in a nearly abandoned New Orleans on Sept. 2, 2005.
3	 When   The Great Gatsby   opens in United States movie theaters on May 10 and starts the Cannes Film Festival five days later, it could help revive some fashionable looks from the Roaring Twenties.The rogue businessman Jay Gatsby, played by Leonardo DiCaprio, is seen wearing shirts whose collars are closed by a tie pin. For some contemporary businessmen, however, the tie pin never went away.
4	  WASHINGTON — For couples who plan to get hitched at the courthouse here, marital bliss may be tempered by the government shutdown .The Family Court Marriage Bureau will not perform weddings until the government reopens, according to the District of Columbia Courts, although couples will still be able to file marriage license applications and pick up licenses they had previously applied for.Shutdown-related disruptions have been kept at a minimum in the nation's capital — so far — because Mayor Vincent C. Gray has deemed all city employees  essential  and protected from furlough.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The amount of heat -trapping carbon dioxide in the air jumped dramatically in, making it very unlikely that global warming can be limited to another 2 degrees as many global leaders have hoped, new federal figures show.Scientists say the rise in CO2 reflects the world's economy revving up and burning more fossil fuels, especially in China . Carbon dioxide levels jumped by.67 parts per million since 2011 to total just under 395 parts per million, says Pieter Tans, who leads the greenhouse gas measurement team for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
4	  WASHINGTON — The human rights picture in many countries remained deeply troubling last year, the State Department said Friday, with the Middle East facing  the harsh realities of incomplete and contested transitions,  Russia and Iran cracking down on activists, and many governments harshly suppressing both new and traditional media .For countries undergoing wrenching transitions, in the Middle East or elsewhere,  the way forward is much less clear  than before, said Secretary of State John Kerry, in releasing the department's annual report on human rights practices at a briefing for reporters.
1	 On the first anniversary of its landing, halfway through its primary mission to Mars, NASA's Curiosity rover still has a long way to go.To be exact, 4.4 miles. That is the distance to the foothills of Mount Sharp, an,000-foot mountain whose rocks could provide clues to a time on Mars when life could have thrived.Because Curiosity is driving at a careful pace — up to 100 yards a day — the journey will take eight or nine months.For now, science is secondary as Curiosity crawls across a barren, largely uninteresting landscape.
3	 In a continuing effort to address concerns that reporters at Bloomberg L.P.'s news division looked at terminal subscribers' data, the company on Friday appointed Samuel J. Palmisano, the former chairman and chief executive of I.B.M., to review its privacy and data standards.Mr. Palmisano, who joined I.B.M. in 1973 and served as chief executive until, will report to Bloomberg's board and will initiate a review of the company's handling of its vast troves of subscriber data and how that data is used internally. He sits on the board of Bloomberg Philanthropies, the cheritable group of Michael R. Bloomberg, who founded Bloomberg L.P.
3	  Insurance companies, worried about potential chaos next month as people begin seeking coverage under the federal health care law without completing the necessary paperwork, have agreed to give consumers an extra 10 days to pay their first-month premiums, according to a statement from the companies' trade group on Wednesday.While some state regulators or individual companies could set different deadlines, nearly all the major insurers have agreed to cover their customers retroactively if they go to the emergency room or doctor's office after Jan. 1, but send in their payment by Jan. 10.
2	 With support-the- troops sentiment strong these days, occasionally a movie will use real soldiers or veterans in scenes.  Act of Valor  is a recent example. But the precedents for this go back a long ways and include  Sands of Iwo Jima,  the 1949 saga starring John Wayne as the classic irascible sergeant named Stryker. The film is too formulaic and jingoistic to be considered great, but maybe it's just right for Fourth of July week. It plays on Thursday at 4 p.m. and Saturday at 2 p.m.
0	 The all-male membership rules remain in place at Muirfield, but the British Open is embracing a different form of change.The proof is on the 7th, 13th, 16th and 17th holes, where large LED scoreboards have been installed for the 142nd edition of the Open.Such on-course screens are regular sights on the PGA Tour, but they are a first for any major golf tournament . They display video highlights, photographs and biographical information of the players, and up-to-the-moment data on fairways and greens hit in regulation .
3	 PARIS — Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, will soon learn if she must face a full criminal investigation over her role in a contentious financial deal that dates back to her time as French finance minister .Ms. Lagarde, the fund's managing director since, was set to appear Thursday for a hearing before the Court of Justice, which handles cases involving the actions of ministers and former ministers in the performance of their duties, said Christopher L. Baker, a lawyer who represents Ms. Lagarde.
3	 FRANKFURT — Josef Ackermann, former chief executive of Deutsche Bank and one of Europe's best-known business leaders, abruptly resigned as chairman of the Zurich Insurance Group on Thursday after acknowledging that he might be accused of sharing blame for the apparent suicide of the company's chief financial officer .Mr. Ackermann said in a statement that he was  deeply shocked  by the death on Monday of Pierre Wauthier, the chief financial officer, and that any allegation by the dead man's family that he shared responsibility was  unfounded. Still, Mr.
4	  BOSTON — A medical technician was sentenced on Monday to 39 years in prison for infecting at least 45 hospital patients with hepatitis C by contaminating their syringes.The technician, David M. Kwiatkowski, 34, pleaded guilty in August to 16 federal charges, including tampering with a consumer product and obtaining controlled substances through fraud. Prosecutors said that while he was working as a traveling medical technician in several states, including New Hampshire, Kansas and Maryland, Mr. Kwiatkowski injected himself with syringes of fentanyl, a powerful painkiller, then filled them with saline and put them back into circulation for patients.
3	  TOKYO — All Nippon Airways, an enthusiastic Boeing customer now reeling from battery problems on its Dreamliner jets, said on Thursday that the grounding of its 787 fleet hurt sales by about.4 million in January, casting a shadow on the airline's future earnings .With a fleet of 17 Dreamliners, delivered in late 2011 ahead of any other airline, All Nippon is the world's largest operator of Boeing's new jet.
4	  SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. — The gunshots ripped through a house party here, an hour before midnight on New Year's Eve, wounding three and killing one. It was a brutal, if fitting, cap to a year that left this city bloody and broke.Five months after San Bernardino filed for bankruptcy — the third California city to seek Chapter 9 protections in 2012 — residents here are confronting a transformed and more perilous city.
2	 You never forget your first time, but the way you recall it changes.In, when the comedian Marc Maron wrote about his teenage deflowering — a waitress was paid to take his virginity by their boss at the bagel store they worked at in New Mexico — he described it offhandedly.  It was awkward,  he wrote of the experience in  The Jerusalem Syndrome  in,  but a relief to get it out of the way. In his superb new memoir,  Attempting Normal,  the episode is fleshed out with sexual details and a pessimistic context.
0	 NEW YORK — Widely acclaimed as the greatest reliever in baseball history, Mariano Rivera of the New York Yankees has been making a farewell tour in his last season before his announced retirement. I enjoy every bit of it,  he said Monday during All-Star festivities at Citi Field .
4	 RICHMOND, Va. — As Republicans debate ways to appeal to voters whom their positions have pushed away, some Republican leaders in Virginia are warning that the party is poised to repeat the mistakes of last November, choosing a nominee for governor who turns off younger, female and nonwhite voters .Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, the presumed nominee, is a combative conservative who calls the Obama administration  the biggest set of lawbreakers in America  as he seeks to lead an increasingly purple state that twice voted for Mr. Obama .
0	 A Recorded Legacy of Sports: During a 74-year career as a sportscaster, Bob Wolff collected his interviews with some of the best-known athletes in the United States . Now he is donating the collection to the Library of Congress . WASHINGTON — In their final years before moving to Minnesota, the Washington Senators struggled to keep fans interested. They were never contenders. Their statistics, generally, were so meager that their broadcaster rarely cited them. I wasn't too big on telling people, 'This guy's now hitting.202,'   said the broadcaster, Bob Wolff, now 92 years old.
4	  WASHINGTON — When President Obama nominates Chuck Hagel, the maverick Republican and former senator from Nebraska, to be his next secretary of defense, he will be turning to a trusted ally whose willingness to defy party loyalty and conventional wisdom won his admiration both in the Senate and on a 2008 tour of war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan .The choice of Mr. Hagel, the first Vietnam veteran to be nominated for the post, would add a prominent Republican to Mr.
4	 Several national and state polls have been released in the days leading up to the open enrollment period of the Affordable Care Act (A.C.A.). Here's a roundup of their findings:The latest Kaiser Health Tracking Poll found widespread misconceptions about the health care law, including the notion that government panels would be set up to make decisions about end-of-life care for Medicare recipients — the so-called death panels.Nearly two-thirds of those polled said they did not know that the health insurance exchanges were set to open on Oct. 1, including almost three-quarters of uninsured Americans .
2	 As a member of the Memphis group Three 6 Mafia, the rapper Juicy J memorably collected an Oscar in, for  It's Hard Out Here for a Pimp.  And his career has continued to follow a series of unexpected turns, from occasional actor to Twitter star (more than one million followers ) to, lately, solo artist. On the heels of the platinum single  Bandz a Make Her Dance,  featuring Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz, his third solo album and major label debut,  Stay Trippy,  was released late last month on Kemosabe/Columbia Records.
0	 (Reuters) - Surprise packages PEC Zwolle kept up their 100 percent start to the Dutch season when Guyon Fernandez and Rochdi Achenteh scored in a 2-0 home triumph over Cambuur Leeuwarden on Saturday.A fourth successive victory moved PEC two points clear at the top of the table while PSV Eindhoven's winning start was halted by a 1-1 draw at Heracles Almelo where Ji-Sung Park marked his return with an 86th-minute equaliser for the visitors.Lerin Duarte netted after six minutes for Heracles and they also hit the woodwork twice.
0	 ARDMORE, Pennsylvania — The weather -delayed first round of the 113th U.S. Open was scheduled to resume at:10 p.m. local at Merion Golf Club with afternoon tee times delayed by three hours 45 minutes.Less than two hours of play had been possible earlier in the day after the year's second major began in overcast but dry conditions before the siren sounded at:36 a.m. to halt the action due to the threat of lightning.Players and spectators were advised to seek cover and the already rain -softened layout was saturated by a heavy downpour under darkening skies as thunder rumbled and lightning sparked.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Riley Cooper apologized Wednesday after a video surfaced in which he used a racial slur at a country music concert. This is kind of the lowest of the lows,  Cooper said at an impromptu news conference at the Eagles' practice facility.  This isn't the type of person I want to be portrayed as. The brief video clip, which was posted by the Philadelphia sports blog CrossingBroad.com, was taken at a Kenny Chesney concert at Lincoln Financial Field in June.
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative Pete Sessions, a Texas Republican, is no stranger to town hall meetings and their political possibilities. Four summers ago, he helped his party use them to stoke opposition to President Obama's health care bill. Across the country, forums like his fed a budding Tea Party movement and set the stage for returning the House to Republican control in.But when Mr.
2	 Admittedly, the language is reconstructed and from a foreign tongue, but the facts are the facts. In September, in Bolzano, Italy, Saimir Pirgu, an 18-year-old music student fresh from Albania, knocked on the door of the Convitto Rainerum, a home for students in their late teens run by the Society of St . Francis de Sales. Seeking work and shelter, he was told that he was too old and too Albanian.Leaving home, the young Mr.
0	 The night the San Francisco 49ers advanced to Super Bowl XLVII, I got a text from my old friend Brian, whom I hadn't spoken to in years. Go Niners !  it read, and again, in capital letters,  Go Niners ! I was touched by his message and embarrassed because I had not watched the 49ers' 28-24 victory over Atlanta in the N.F.C. championship game . Or any of their games this season. In fact, I had not followed football closely since the last time San Francisco won it all, in.
0	 (Reuters) - Dan Paille scored in overtime to lift the Boston Bruins to a 2-1 win over the Chicago Blackhawks in Game Two of the Stanley Cup Final on Saturday to level the best-of-seven series.It marked the second straight game that needed overtime to find a winner after Chicago won Game One on Wednesday in triple-overtime . Patrick Sharp scored from a wild goalmouth scramble to stake Chicago to 1-0 first period lead and they dominated the early play, outshooting Boston .
4	  WASHINGTON — House Republicans on Thursday intensified their criticism of the Obama administration for its handling of the assault on the diplomatic compound in Benghazi, with Speaker John A. Boehner calling for the release of an e-mail that he said showed that State Department officials believed from the start that   Islamic terrorists   were linked to the attack but have declined to say so publicly.Mr.
3	 As scorching weather envelops the Northeast and the Midwest, electric utilities are scrambling to keep the power on while air-conditioners strain utilities' capacity . By Tuesday afternoon in New York City and Westchester County, for instance, Consolidated Edison had logged nearly,700 interruptions since the heat arrived on Sunday, and it had dispatched crews to restore almost all of the power .
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans spent more in May as their income rose, encouraging signs after a slow start to the year.The Commerce Department said on Thursday that consumer spending rose .3 percent last month, nearly erasing a decline of similar size in April. Income rose.5 percent. Consumers, benefiting from low inflation, spent more at retail businesses in May, notably for cars, home improvements and sporting goods .
4	  ALBUQUERQUE — It has been almost four decades since Betty Jo Lopez started using heroin.Her face gray and wizened well beyond her 59 years, Ms. Lopez would almost certainly still be addicted, if not for the fact that she is locked away in jail, not to mention the cup of pinkish liquid she downs every morning. It's the only thing that allows me to live a normal life,  Ms. Lopez said of the concoction, which contains methadone, a drug used to treat opiate dependence.  These nurses that give it to me, they're like my guardian angels .
2	 In the lucrative world of music copyright, it may be something of a watershed moment: on Friday, after six years of legal wrangling and decades after he wrote the lyrics to the hit song  YMCA,  Victor Willis will gain control of his share of the copyright to that song and others he wrote when he was the lead singer of the 1970s disco group the Village People.Mr. Willis, who dressed as a policeman during the group's heyday, was able to recapture those songs, thanks to a little-known provision of copyright legislation that went into effect in.
1	 With an enormous wildfire in the Sierra Nevada posing a potential threat to San Francisco's water supply, city officials were busy planning Monday how to divert water from other sources in case their main reservoir — the Hetch Hetchy, which sits 170 miles east of the city and serves about.6 million people — were to grow clouded with falling ash.The wildfire, one of the largest in California's history, has posed enough of a threat to San Francisco's utilities that Gov . Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency for the city last week.
0	  CINCINNATI — Jay Bruce homered and made a run-saving catch on the warning track, and Mat Latos pitched into the eighth inning against Oakland's slumping lineup on Tuesday night, leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 3-1 victory over the Athletics.The Reds had dropped seven of nine and were coming off what players called an embarrassing weekend against St . Louis — losses of 13-3 and.They found an American League team struggling even more. The West -leading Athletics have lost five of six.Latos (11-3) allowed four hits through 7 1-3 shutout innings, leaving him 3-0 in his last four starts.
3	  OTTAWA — Ever since President Obama said in June that a litmus test for the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada was whether it would  significantly  worsen global warming, Canadian government officials have insisted it would not.They reasoned that because the pipeline would not have any major effect on rate of development of Canada's oil sands, as a State Department environmental review concluded in March, it would not significantly raise the amount of carbon emitted.
3	 DÜSSELDORF, Germany — A regional court in Germany reversed the antitrust regulator's approval for Liberty Global's.2 billion euro acquisition of KabelBW, throwing the now-completed merger into doubt.The court in Düsseldorf ruled that the German regulator would have to look at the case again and either block it or apply stricter conditions to its approval.The.2 billion merger, which was approved in 2011 and completed in early, could ultimately be unwound, rattling a sector already undergoing major changes.The cartel office said it would study the ruling before deciding about any further steps.
1	 For the more than 500 space tourists who have signed up for a trip on Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic, Monday was a milestone: the day the spaceship that will be carrying them aloft made its first powered flight and broke the sound barrier for its first time. We will be going to space at the end of this year,  Mr. Branson said in a telephone interview after the test flight over Mojave, Calif. Or, he added, possibly in the first quarter of next year. He and his children are to be passengers on that first flight.Mr.
0	 HERSHEY, Pa. — Ken Hatt came to town in 1933 to attend what was then known as the Hershey Industrial School, Milton Hershey's boarding school for orphans. After graduating in, he worked in the ticket office at the arena where the Hershey Bears played hockey . He loved the sport, and so, it turned out, did the co-worker who became his wife. They bought their first season tickets in.Hatt started in the mailroom and ended his 52-year run as the president of Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Co. He turned 89 on Dec.
1	 In the powerful earthquake off Japan in, the size of the destructive tsunami it spawned caught scientists by surprise. But they soon learned why the waves were so large: measurements showed that part of the seafloor along the fault moved as much as 50 meters, or 55 yards, to the east, displacing an enormous amount of water.That degree of movement, the largest ever measured for an earthquake, surprised scientists, too. The quake occurred in a subduction zone, where one of the planet's tectonic plates dives beneath another.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Energy Department is preparing to test a new way for solar power to make electricity : using the sun's heat to increase the energy content of natural gas .Researchers at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, Wash., hope by this summer to carry out the test, which entails a process that could cut the amount of natural gas used — and the greenhouse gasses emitted — by 20 percent. We can reduce carbon dioxide emissions, and the consumer doesn't get hit,  said Robert Wegeng, the researcher in charge of the project.
3	 SHANGHAI — A group of Chinese vitamin C makers was ordered by a United States District Court to pay.3 million in fines after a jury found the companies guilty of price-fixing .A jury in New York returned the verdict Thursday after a group of American companies accused the Chinese producers of acting in concert to raise prices in violation of United States antitrust laws .
2	 Growing up in South Carolina, the daughter of a minister and a deacon, Danielle Brooks never planned on a stint in federal prison . In middle school, she visited a juvenile justice complex.  They gave us a tour of the jail,  Ms. Brooks recalled.  The handcuffs, the walking in a straight line, the smell. I was like: This is totally not a place for me.
4	 The spring of 1982 seemed full of promise for Steven and Traci Phillips, who had just started a roofing business in Dallas and were expecting their first child. He's extremely ambitious and a very hard worker, a pretty brilliant guy,  she said.  And I was right there by his side the whole time. But their family life ended that year, when Mr. Phillips was named a suspect in a string of sex crimes .
2	 For the record, Cristin Milioti is not engaged.  No, I swear to you I'm telling the truth !  she nearly shrieked upon hearing a morsel of Internet gossip.  My boyfriend's going to get such a kick out of that.  She grinned conspiratorially.  But we're very happy,  she said of the man in question, the furniture maker Jesse Hooker .As an actor you know you've made it when the speculation begins. And Ms.
3	 With new concerns emerging about practices at its news division, Bloomberg L.P., the sprawling financial services company founded by Michael R. Bloomberg, scrambled to shield its lucrative terminal business and appease nervous customers .The report on Friday that a Bloomberg reporter had used the company's financial data terminals to monitor a Goldman Sachs partner's logon activity has set off a ripple effect of inquiries from other worried subscribers, including JPMorgan Chase, Deutsche Bank, the Federal Reserve, Treasury Department and the European Central Bank .
2	 It was supposed to be the bigger, better party . Electric Zoo 2013 was the fifth annual Labor Day weekend of electronic dance music on Randalls Island, and its promoter, Made Event, had expanded it by adding another stage with additional headliners. But after two concertgoers died, apparently from using MDMA (known in different formulations as Molly or Ecstasy, Made Event followed the recommendation of the mayor's office and abruptly canceled Sunday, the third day of the festival.
0	  OKLAHOMA CITY — A smile crossed Deron Williams's face late Wednesday, a new, joyful look to usher in a new calendar year, along with what appeared to be an entirely new Nets team.The Nets hustled, passed with a purpose, defended with pride, skipped happily around the court and hit shots from various places and angles. Their offense flowed, their defense held and everyone looked a little livelier in a 110-93 rout of the Oklahoma City Thunder at Chesapeake Energy Arena.
4	 After Senator Elizabeth Warren spoke at a luncheon in Beverly Hills, Calif., last month, women from the audience swarmed around her, many of them asking the same question: will you run for president?Ms. Warren's fiery speech at the national A.F.L.-C.I.O. convention this month set off even more excitement, with some union members standing on their chairs applauding and shouting out to her. And when she joined a MoveOn.org conference call this summer to promote her student loan legislation, 10,000 people got on the line — the liberal group's biggest audience on any conference call in four years.
0	 STILLWATER, Okla. — Liz Donohoe scored 21 points and gathered 16 rebounds to lead No. 11 Oklahoma State over Texas -Pan American 90-48 on Sunday.The Cowgirls (11-0) got 16 points from LaShawn Jones and 11 points and five assists from Tiffany Bias. Texas -Pan American (6-7) was led by Shawnte Goff's 11 points and the Broncs shot just 23 percent from the floor, including 7 of 28 from beyond the arc.
0	 LONDON — The goalkeeper is, quite literally, the one player who can be said to hold the fate of his team in his hands.This was decided in England, where the rules of the game were drawn up 150 years ago, and it is no exaggeration to suggest that England's chances of qualifying for the World Cup will lie squarely with Joe Hart.He is, right now, a very solitary Joe.Unless Hart suffers an injury, he will be between the posts for England's match against Montenegro on Friday, and then again versus Poland next Tuesday.
3	  WASHINGTON — Janet L. Yellen, President Obama's choice to lead the Federal Reserve over the next four years, has championed the idea that the Fed can stimulate the economy simply by speaking clearly.Her confirmation by the Senate is regarded by most Democrats and Republicans as all but inevitable.
2	 When the cupboard is bare, as television's often is in July, there's apparently always a haunted house somewhere that needs exploring.Last weekend Nickelodeon unveiled a comedy,  The Haunted Hathaways,  about a family that moves into a house in New Orleans that is already occupied by the ghosts of a jazz musician and his two sons. And on Saturday, starting at 8 p.m. Eastern time, A&E serves up three hours of earnest paranormal investigation in  American Haunting.
3	 SHANGHAI — Global milk powder companies are scrutinizing Chinese social media reports as many as four times a day to gauge consumer reaction to a high-profile pricing investigation and food safety scare that threaten their squeaky-clean image in the.5 billion China market .The stepped-up monitoring of the microblogging site Weibo and local online forums reflects the outsize role the social media play in China, where access to information is restricted. Chatter about food safety scares spreads with lightning speed on Weibo, so companies are learning to keep constant track of their online brand reputations.
4	 When President Obama announced strong measures to combat climate change last week, environmentalists who felt he had long soft-pedaled the issue for political reasons rejoiced.But many Republicans were just as gleeful — in the belief they had been handed a powerful issue to use against Democrats in the 2014 midterm elections in energy -rich states from Texas to Minnesota .
3	  WASHINGTON — Sales of new homes in the United States vaulted to a five-year high in June, while other data on Wednesday showed an acceleration in factory activity in July, bolstering hopes of a third-quarter pickup in economic growth .Showing no signs of slowing in the face of higher mortgage rates, sales of single-family homes increased.3 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of,000 units, the highest level since May, the Commerce Department said.
0	  OKLAHOMA CITY — Marcus Smart will likely have more opportunities to play on an NBA court .But the All-America guard — and potential lottery pick — decided not to force any shots and get his teammates more involved Saturday at Chesapeake Energy Arena, home of the Oklahoma City Thunder .The Big 12 Conference's leading scorer took a backseat as Le'Bryan Nash scored 22 points and No. 7 Oklahoma State overcame a sluggish start to pull away for a 70-55 victory over Louisiana Tech .
4	  WASHINGTON — Supreme Court opinions have come down with a bad case of link rot . According to a new study, 49 percent of the hyperlinks in Supreme Court decisions no longer work.This can sometimes be amusing. A link in a 2011 Supreme Court opinion about violent video games by Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr . now leads to a mischievous error message. Aren't you glad you didn't cite to this Web page ?  it asks.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama appointed Daniel I. Werfel, the controller of the Office of Management and Budget, to be the acting commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, the White House announced Thursday .Mr. Werfel, who manages much of the day-to-day operations at the budget office, will replace Steven Miller, who was fired this week as the agency's interim director in the scandal over its targeting of conservative groups .The White House said in a statement that Mr. Werfel would begin his new job on Wednesday. Danny has proven an effective leader who serves with professionalism, integrity and skill,  Mr.
4	 SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — The Illinois Senate has voted to approve the use of marijuana for medical purposes, which if signed into law would make it the second- most-populous state in the nation after California to allow the drug for such uses.The bill, approved on Friday, now moves to Gov . Pat Quinn's desk to await his signature. Mr. Quinn has indicated he is sympathetic to the bill, especially because it would benefit injured veterans.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the Senate edged toward a divisive filibuster vote on Chuck Hagel 's nomination to be defense secretary, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, sat silent and satisfied in the corner of the chamber — his voice lost to laryngitis — as he absorbed what he had wrought in his mere seven weeks of Senate service.Mr. Hagel, a former senator from Mr. Cruz's own party, was about to be the victim of the first filibuster of a nominee to lead the Pentagon.
1	  Monogamy is a problem,  said Dieter Lukas of the University of Cambridge in a telephone news conference last week. As Dr. Lukas explained to reporters, he and other biologists consider monogamy an evolutionary puzzle.In 9 percent of all mammal species, males and females will share a common territory for more than one breeding season, and in some cases bond for life. This is a problem — a scientific one — because male mammals could theoretically have more offspring by giving up on monogamy and mating with lots of females.In a new study, Dr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, made clear on Sunday that he would oppose any effort by the Obama administration to raise more tax revenue and that he remained focused on finding ways to cut spending as the government grapples with its debt . The tax issue is finished,  Mr. McConnell said on the ABC News program  This Week.   Over. Completed. That's behind us. Mr. McConnell's interviews on three Sunday morning programs came just days after he and Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr .
2	 VAIL, Colo. — The Vail International Dance Festival — this year celebrating its 25th anniversary — abounds in historic, daring and once-only conjunctions, partnerships, experiments. It seems only appropriate that hummingbirds and swallows are routinely seen during the early-evening walk from town, alongside a rushing stream, up to the Gerald R. Ford Amphitheater, that the open-air performances are surrounded by mountains, and that the walk back yields views of a night sky crowded with unusually large stars. This is my seventh summer visit here; I've learned to look forward to seeing wonders onstage and off.
4	 Over a shot of whiskey in a New York City bar, Josh Horowitz and Zack Perry decided to make craft beer . Two guys walked into a bar and walked out with a brewery,  said Mr. Perry, who moved to Texas to begin his venture with Mr. Horowitz.This spring, Infamous Brewing Company, based in Austin, made its first deliveries to retailers, and it plans to produce up to,000 barrels in its first year.
3	 The stock market dropped on Monday for a fourth consecutive trading session as investors continued to worry about the recent rise in interest rates in anticipation that the Federal Reserve would soon begin to wind down its huge economic stimulus . The Dow Jones industrial average dropped .73 points, or.47 percent, to,010.74. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost.77 points, or.59 percent, to,646.06. The Nasdaq composite index fell .69 points, or.38 percent, to,589.09. Investors had little data to digest on Monday, so the focus for many remained the continuing climb in bond yields .
2	 The answer to the puzzle of Jodie Foster's rambling, raw, semi-confessional speech at the Golden Globes on Sunday may have been right there at the outset, when she skittishly quoted a lesser-known   Saturday Night Live   character and shouted:  I'm! I'm! Ms. Foster's outpouring could well have been one of those defiantly uncharacteristic steps some people take when they hit the last milestone of midlife. Like a 50-year-old who ends a marriage, takes up flying lessons, grows a beard or moves to Umbria, Ms.
1	 If you are among the roughly 20 percent of people who regularly get cold sores, you can now blame your genes, researchers say.The virus that causes most such sores, herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV, is found in as many as 9 out of 10 people, and scientists have long wondered why only a minority get the sores.To study the problem, researchers from the University of Edinburgh in Scotland analyzed thousands of genes to see which ones were responsible for making the protein that prevents the virus from becoming active.
1	 A dinosaur hobbyist who made his name as a Microsoft multimillionaire published a scientific paper on Monday alleging  serious errors and irregularities  in dinosaur research involving some of the world's top paleontologists.The research, some of it dating to the 1990s, analyzed skeletons of different ages to estimate how quickly dinosaurs grew. For example, a 2001 paper, published in the journal Nature, estimates that the giant dinosaur Apatosaurus had a growth spurt of,000 pounds in a year.
1	 Update (Nov. 10): The European Space Agency's Gravity Field and Steady- State Ocean Circulation Explorer satellite crashed back to Earth  on Sunday at:16 p.m. Eastern Time in the South Atlantic near the Falkland Islands . There were no injuries or damage.A European satellite that mapped Earth's gravitational field in exquisite detail will be pulled down by gravity to its fiery destruction sometime in the next few days.Where and when it will crash no one knows. It could be almost anywhere on the globe.
1	 There was a time not that long ago when it was easy to tell the difference between viruses and the rest of life. Most obviously, viruses were tiny and genetically simple. The influenza virus, for example, measures about 100 nanometers across, and has just 13 genes.Those two standards, it's now clear, belong in the trash. Over the past decade, scientists have discovered a vast menagerie of viruses that are far bigger, and which carry enormous arsenals of genes. French researchers are now reporting the discovery of the biggest virus yet.
4	 When a recent Manhattan fund-raiser for the Virginia candidate for governor Terry McAuliffe wound down and most of the donors had left the host's swanky meatpacking district loft, President Bill Clinton stuck around.Only a handful of guests ( And none of the really important ones,  according to one attendee) remained, but Mr. Clinton continued to shake hands and pose for photos. He greeted the waiters and joked with stragglers that he would meet them at a nearby bar.This spring, as guests gathered around a big table inside a grand Washington home at a fund-raising dinner for Mr. McAuliffe, Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Emerging economies have cooled off. Europe remains in the doldrums. The United States is facing fiscal uncertainty, and its powerful central bank is contemplating easing its extraordinary stimulus efforts, with potentially global ramifications.As a result, global growth is in  low gear,  the International Monetary Fund said in its latest economic forecasts, released Tuesday as the world's central bankers and finance ministers gathered here for the fund's annual meetings.The I.M.F., the Washington-based lending institution, cut its forecasts for global growth, as it has done in nine of its last 10 economic updates.
2	 Between 1949 and, the Royal Ballet of London was the most frequent foreign ballet company to visit the United States . Beloved for both theatricality and purity of style, it made annual or biennial visits to New York and other American cities. Two of its coast-to-coast tours lasted five months each. New York became its second home; one of its seasons at the Metropolitan Opera House was eight weeks long. Its stars included Margot Fonteyn, Moira Shearer, Beryl Grey, Svetlana Beriosova, Nadia Nerina, Antoinette Sibley, Lynn Seymour, Merle Park and Anthony Dowell, with Rudolf Nureyev its most celebrated guest artist.
4	  DETROIT — Kwame M. Kilpatrick, a former mayor of Detroit, was found guilty on Monday of a raft of charges, including racketeering, fraud and extortion, capping a five-month public corruption trial against him and two co-defendants.The jury found Mr. Kilpatrick guilty of 24 of the 30 charges against him, including the most serious charges of racketeering and extortion, which each carry maximum sentences of 20 years.At an afternoon bond hearing, Mr. Kilpatrick and Bobby W. Ferguson, a city contractor, appeared stunned after being ordered to prison pending sentencing. Judge Nancy G.
4	 Despite sharply reducing state testing requirements for Texas high school students, the 83rd Legislature brought only conditional relief from high-stakes exams for students in lower grades, who take a total of 17 state tests before going to high school .For parents and educators who want less time spent on state exams in elementary and middle school, hopes are pinned on the new legislation, but with a big caveat: it is likely that Texas must first obtain a No Child Left Behind Act waiver from the federal Department of Education .
1	 A pint may be a pound the world around, but a kilogram is one kilogram only if it is the same weight as a 134-year-old cylinder of platinum-iridium alloy that sits in a vault at the International Bureau of Weights and Measures in Sèvres, near Paris.Other standard measurements depend on physical constants, not human-made artifacts. A meter, for example, is the distance traveled by light in a vacuum in,792,458 of a second.
0	 LONDON — A year after stunning Rafael Nadal at Wimbledon, Lukas Rosol lost his first-round match at the All England Club against a qualifier ranked 121st .Rosol, who came in ranked 35th, was beaten, 4-6, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (4), 6-4 Monday by Germany's Julian Reister.Their match was on tiny Court, a short walk away from Centre Court, where the then 100th-ranked Rosol pulled off a surprising five-set victory over two-time Wimbledon champion Nadal in 2012's second round. Nadal then took a seven-month break from the tour because of a left knee injury .
4	  WASHINGTON — Congress, at odds with the president, was struggling to assert more control over the federal government through the budget process but could not seem to wrap up its work on deadline. So the House and Senate voted to change the budget-making process, and lawmakers gave themselves a deadline extension to get their fiscal house in order.That was in, and it worked, sort of. The new law, the Budget and Impoundment Control Act, enacted in July 1974 over the veto of President Richard M.
0	  INDIANAPOLIS — Carmelo Anthony launched himself from the baseline, rising swiftly, his arm cocked, his eyes on the rim, carrying the Knicks ' playoff existence, a city's hopes and his own postseason legacy with him. In that moment, ever so briefly, all things still seemed possible: A date with the Miami Heat . A run to the finals. A championship .In a split second, the vision was shattered — smacked away by Roy Hibbert's massive left palm and ultimately crushed by the sheer force of the Indiana Pacers .
3	 SHANGHAI — Chinese investigators said Thursday that executives from GlaxoSmithKline, the British drug giant, had admitted to using bribes, kickbacks and other fraudulent means to bolster drug sales in China .The Ministry of Public Security said people working for the drug maker had bribed doctors, hospitals and government officials and funneled illicit payoffs through travel agencies, pharmaceutical industry associations and project financing .The government did not name any executives or detailed figures. But it said the case involved  huge amounts of money .
3	 Fears of an escalating conflict in Syria rippled across financial markets on Tuesday, sinking stocks, lifting gold and pushing the price of oil to its highest in a year and a half.The increasing possibility of United States military strikes raised worries on Wall Street that energy trade in the region could be disrupted, raising fuel costs for consumers and businesses . If Syria becomes drawn out and becomes a long-term issue, it's going to show up in things like gas prices,  said Chris Costanzo, investment officer with Tanglewood Wealth Management in Houston . The Dow Jones industrial average fell .
3	 LONDON — Unemployment in the euro zone continued its relentless march higher in April, according to official data published Friday, hitting yet another record, amid a prolonged recession and the absence of a coordinated response by policy makers .The jobless rate for the 17 countries that use the common currency rose to.2 percent, from.1 percent a month earlier, with.4 million people out of work, according to Eurostat, the European Union statistics agency . Some analysts said the number of people without jobs could hit 20 million by the end of the year.
0	 DURHAM, N.C. — Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski did not have to worry about fans storming the court when the Blue Devils faced Miami on Saturday night in an Atlantic Coast Conference showdown. The game was at Cameron Indoor Stadium and the Crazies were not likely to do anything crazy to the Blue Devils or Krzyzewski, who was livid after Virginia fans stormed the court following a game in Charlottesville on Thursday.The greater concern was whether Miami would storm the Blue Devils once again, as they did in a blowout victory Jan. 23 when Duke was ranked No. 1.Not this time.
3	  WASHINGTON — American factories, reporting a jump in orders, expanded last month at the fastest pace since June. The report signaled that manufacturing output could strengthen in coming months .The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers, said Tuesday that its manufacturing index rose to.7 in August from.4 in July. That was higher than the index's 12-month average of. A reading above 50 indicates growth .A gauge of new orders rose nearly five points to.2, the highest level in more than two years.
4	 Tough Questions for Hagel at Hearing: Chuck Hagel, President Obama's nominee for secretary of defense, had some sharp exchanges with Senator John McCain . WASHINGTON — Chuck Hagel, President Obama's nominee to be secretary of defense, faced sharp and sometimes angry questioning from fellow Republicans — especially his old friend Senator John McCain — at a contentious confirmation hearing on Thursday that focused on his past statements on Iran, the influence of pro-Israel organizations in Washington and the Iraq war .Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The White House is encouraging skeptical state officials to expand Medicaid by subsidizing the purchase of private insurance for low-income people, even though that approach might be somewhat more expensive, federal and state officials say. Ohio and Arkansas are negotiating with the Obama administration over plans to use federal Medicaid money to pay premiums for commercial insurance that will be sold to the public in regulated markets known as insurance exchanges . Republicans in other states, including Florida, Louisiana, Pennsylvania and Texas, have expressed interest in the option since Gov .
4	  WASHINGTON — The question for the Supreme Court on Monday was whether groups receiving federal money to combat AIDS abroad may be required to adopt policies opposing prostitution. The answer, judging from the justices' comments in the first half of the argument, seemed to be that the First Amendment bars attaching that kind of condition to federal grants . There have to be some limitations on what type of loyalty oath you can require them to sign,  said Chief Justice John G . Roberts Jr . Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr .
3	  LOS ANGELES — When President Obama phoned the president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O. last month, he shared some news that the labor leader had long wanted to hear — the administration would propose measures to reduce workplace exposure to disease-causing silica dust.But their conversation soon moved to what has become a contentious topic this summer: labor's renewed anger over Mr. Obama's health care law and decisions surrounding it, especially the postponement of an employer mandate to ensure coverage for workers and the potential effects of the coming health insurance exchanges on existing plans.
0	  ATLANTA — One night after his 3-point bonanza, Deron Williams gave the nets a break. He did not try to replicate his record night from beyond the arc, but instead controlled the pace offensively and defensively against one of the fastest teams in the Eastern Conference . Williams was the point guard, not the shooting guard, and his floor game helped make for an impressive 93-80 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night at Philips Arena.It was the third straight win for the Nets, who improved to.
4	  HOUSTON — When Anastasia Tolmasoff went to a Planned Parenthood clinic in March to receive her quarterly injection of Depo-Provera, she discovered she could no longer afford to receive birth control there. I'm living paycheck to paycheck, so getting pregnant and having another child is not an option for me,  said Ms. Tolmasoff, 33, who rehabilitates wildlife at a nonprofit organization . She and her husband cannot afford health insurance .Nearly six months later, she visited Legacy Community Health Services in Houston .
2	 But hold on. Even with the virtual disappearance of retail chain stores, CDs keep being produced and purchased, and I'm speaking of physical compact discs, not downloaded recordings, a phenomenon long popular in other genres of music and an increasing factor in the classical field. Smaller classical labels are noticeably active, presenting emerging or overlooked artists in performances of unusual repertory, including the works of living composers.The catch is that recordings do not generate the amounts of money, either for artists or producers, common in earlier eras.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a pair of 5-to-4 decisions that divided along ideological lines, the Supreme Court on Tuesday made it easier for inmates to challenge their convictions.In McQuiggin v. Perkins, No. 12-126, the majority said that a one-year filing deadline for prisoners seeking federal review of their state court convictions under a 1996 law may be relaxed if they present compelling evidence of their innocence.
3	  TOKYO — Boeing on Thursday presented the Japanese government with its plan to address battery problems on its new 787 Dreamliner, stressing that added protections against possible battery fires and overheating are more than enough to allow its planes back in the air. Japanese investigators, however, have maintained that there is still not enough evidence to show that the batteries themselves are the cause of fires, and that a shock could have caused them to overheat.
0	 LAKE FOREST, Ill. — Tiger Woods and Chicago used to be a great recipe for winning, or at least coming close.He won two PGA Championships at Medinah . He won the Western Open three times and the BMW Championship twice, all at Cog Hill. Woods has finished out of the top 20 only one time in 15 tournaments in the Chicago area, including the 2003 U.S. Open at Olympia Fields.
3	  WASHINGTON — Workers taking advantage of special tax-free accounts to pay out-of-pocket medical expenses could soon be allowed to carry over up to $500 from one year to the next.For nearly 30 years, employees eligible to use the accounts had to forfeit any unspent money at the end of the year.A new rule will now permit employers to let plan participants roll over up to, the Treasury Department said Thursday. Employers sponsoring the plans, however, are not required to offer the option.
3	  BRUSSELS — Europeans have never been wild about the European Union . With the region sapped by the euro crisis, confidence in the institution and the benefits it was supposed to provide is flagging faster and further than ever before, according to an influential opinion survey released Monday .The results of an annual survey by the Pew Research Center, a nonpartisan organization based in Washington, show a deepening disillusionment with the union in major member countries .
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — Fatigue gave way to relief for Inbee Park upon learning that playing 36 holes in one day weren't going to be enough to win the LPGA Championship .Rather than fret about the eight fairways missed, and the three-shot lead she relinquished on the back nine Sunday, Park refocused before the first sudden-death playoff hole . Nothing seemed to be working, So I really cleared my head, and just looked at the fairway,  Park said.  And I just smashed it.
3	 SYDNEY — Australia has a few help-wanted ads it would like you to take a look at.There is this opening in the Australian state of New South Wales : Chief Funster. Responsibilities? Review festivals and events, tweet about them and be a  Sydney VIP.  Meanwhile, Western Australia is hunting for a  Taste Master,  whose duties include eating the state's tastiest food, seeking out its finest produce and uncovering the best bars and restaurants .
2	 The courtship of Celine (Julie Delpy) and Jesse (Ethan Hawke, the bright, neurotic, hyperverbal pair who met in Richard Linklater's   Before Sunrise   (1995) and reunited in  Before Sunset, unfolded to the sound of ticking clocks — there was always a train or a plane to catch, another life to get back to. Nine more years have passed, and in   Before Midnight   (opening May, there are no more looming deadlines, save for the ones built into life itself. The screen romance that defined Generation X is now officially middle-aged .
0	  The Chicago Blackhawks set a franchise record with their 10 th straight victory and extended their points streak to 29 games, dating to last season, by beating the Minnesota Wild, 5-3, on Tuesday night . The Wild had handed the Blackhawks one of their three shootout losses. Bryan Bickell scored twice for Chicago, now. ISLANDERS, CANADIENS 3 Radek Martinek broke a tie in the third period, and the Islanders handed visiting Montreal its first regulation loss in nearly a month. Martinek had not scored since Oct. 12, 2011.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama's executive branch nominees continued to cruise through the Senate on Thursday, including his controversial pick to be labor secretary, Thomas E. Perez, as Republican anger over a deal to avoid a weakening of the filibuster seeped into the open.The Senate, along strict party lines, 54-46, gave final confirmation to Mr. Perez, the Justice Department's civil rights chief, as the president's second labor secretary, then voted 59-40 to confirm his nominee to be the next Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Gina McCarthy, 154 days after the last E.P.A. head stepped down.
2	 Spring for Music — the annual festival of North American orchestras at Carnegie Hall, created in the main to foster imaginative and ambitious programming — did itself proud over the weekend in the last three concerts of its third season. Leonard Slatkin conducted the Detroit Symphony Orchestra on Thursday and Friday, and Christoph Eschenbach led the National Symphony Orchestra on Saturday.As expected, the high point came on Friday evening with Detroit's audacious presentation of an  Ives Immersion: all four of Charles Ives's numbered symphonies in chronological order.
3	  DETROIT — Four years after the recession and a government bailout, Detroit's hometown automakers are riding high on strong sales and big profits .But while the fortunes of General Motors, Ford and Chrysler have turned starkly, the city of Detroit is in shambles .Perhaps nowhere in America does the view from the corner office differ so vividly from the city streets, where abandoned homes and deserted factories are a daily reminder of Detroit's descent into the largest municipal bankruptcy in the nation's history.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Friday plans to announce the nomination of James B. Comey, a senior Justice Department official under President George W . Bush, to become the next director of the F.B.I., according to White House officials .The Senate, which will not be in session in August, is bracing for a significant fight over nominations in July, and it is not clear whether the administration has allotted enough time for the Senate to confirm him by Sept. 3, when Robert S. Mueller III, the F.B.I. director, is mandated to leave his post.F.B.I.
4	 CORALVILLE, Iowa — Election seasons in this small eastern Iowa town are usually cordial affairs. But this year, a group backed by the billionaire Koch brothers has changed that.The group, Americans for Prosperity, has jumped into the race to elect Coralville's next mayor and City Council with an aggressive campaign, mailing fliers, advertising in newspapers, calling voters and knocking on their doors. Its latest leaflet hit mailboxes last week, denouncing the town's growing debt and comparing it to the financial woes of Detroit .  Coralville is fast becoming Iowa's version of Detroit,  it read.
3	 I WAS going to go into academics, but then decided to serve the marketing machine by going into public relations . A lot of my travel involves conferences, speaking engagements and, of course, pitching new business and meeting with existing clients .Even though the airlines are doing everything in their power to make me hate flying, I still get excited about getting on a plane.I used to be a D.J., and still do it on occasion. A few years ago, I would leverage my business trips to Chicago, Tokyo and Miami, all places where we had clients, into D.J.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Democratic and Republican leaders of the Senate Finance Committee on Thursday began a legislative push to simplify the tax code by asking all senators to identify what tax breaks, deductions and credits should be kept. Senator Max Baucus of Montana, the committee's chairman, and Senator Orrin G . Hatch of Utah, the committee's ranking Republican, said they wanted to start the process by clearing the tax code of all special breaks. They gave their colleagues until July 26 to produce their so-called pardon list.
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama 's first major environmental decision of his second term could be to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, profoundly disappointing environmental advocates who have made the project a symbolic test of the president's seriousness on climate change .
4	  LOS ANGELES — A pastor who was defrocked by the United Methodist Church in Pennsylvania because of his support for same-sex marriage has been offered another position by a Methodist bishop in California, a sign of the deep split within the church over acceptance of gay men and lesbians .The pastor, the Rev. Frank Schaefer, who led a congregation in Lebanon, Pa., was stripped of his clerical credentials last week. Since then, Bishop Minerva G. Carcaño has invited him to minister in the California-Pacific Annual Conference, the church region that includes Southern California and Hawaii .Mr.
4	 Under pressure from legislators and a vigorous campaign by religious and civil rights groups to legalize same-sex marriage in New Mexico, the state's attorney general, Gary King, cautioned city clerks on Thursday against issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples — but at the same time invited litigation, saying that the state's statute was  vulnerable to challenge.  There's a significant issue relating to our equal-protection clause and whether or not the statute would withstand  a legal challenge over giving same-sex couples the same rights granted to other couples who are married in New Mexico, Mr. King said.
2	  He still preoccupies me, Dickens, as a person,  Ralph Fiennes said recently, between bites of grilled salmon in the back room of a quiet restaurant on a bright, breezy October day in New York. His film  The Invisible Woman,  which he directed and in which he stars as Charles Dickens, had just been screened for the news media at the Walter Reade Theater a few blocks away, and he'd spent half an hour afterward fielding questions about the strange, painful love story the movie tells.
4	 Tom DeLay was the very symbol of Congressional power and, in the view of his detractors, excess. His political career collapsed in 2005 when Mr. DeLay, a Texas Republican who was the House majority leader, was indicted on money-laundering charges that resulted in a three-year prison sentence .But Mr. DeLay's long and colorful life took another turn on Thursday as a Texas appeals court threw out the November 2010 verdict, ruling that what he was convicted of — laundering corporate contributions to divert money to elect Republicans to the State Legislature — did not violate any state laws.Mr.
3	 Or at least investors seem to believe they are.A survey of investor sentiment in the euro zone this month moved into positive territory for the first time since the summer of. European stocks have been rising for more than a year, with bank stocks leading the way. The yields on Spanish and Italian government bonds — which were more than five percentage points higher than German bonds' last summer — now have spreads half that level.
3	  President Obama continued his shake-up of the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday, naming two Senate aides to senior posts at the Wall Street regulatory agency.The nominees to the five-member agency are Kara M. Stein, a Democrat, and Michael Piwowar, a Republican . If confirmed by the Senate, they will succeed commissioners whose terms are set to expire .The move comes just months after Mr. Obama named Mary Jo White, a former federal prosecutor turned Wall Street defense lawyer, to be chairwoman of the agency. In recent weeks, Ms.
3	 Boeing threatened on Friday to consider locations besides Washington State to assemble its new 777X jets after a union leader sharply criticized the terms of a tentative labor deal to keep the work in Washington .The company said it would start pursuing other options if the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers did not vote to ratify a proposed contract extension by Wednesday.Boeing's warning came in response to comments by the local president for the group, Tom Wroblewski, who tore up a copy of the proposed deal at the end of a union meeting Thursday night .
3	 CUMBERLAND, Md. — This hardscrabble city at the base of the Appalachians makes for an unlikely hotbed of health care innovation.Yet Western Maryland Health Systems, the major hospital serving this poor and isolated region, is carrying out an experiment that could leave a more profound imprint on the delivery of health care than President Obama's reforms.Over the last three years, the hospital has taken its services outside its walls. It has opened a diabetes clinic, a wound center and a behavioral health clinic . It has hired people to follow up with older, sicker patients once they are discharged.
1	  PALO ALTO, Calif. — A group of Stanford researchers has moved a step closer to answering the question of what happens when silicon, the standard material in today's microelectronic circuits, reaches its fundamental limits for use in increasingly small transistors.In a paper in the journal Nature on Wednesday, the researchers reported that they had successfully built a working computer — albeit an extremely simple one — entirely from transistors fashioned from carbon nanotubes. The nanotubes, which are cylinder-shaped molecules, have long held the promise of allowing smaller, faster and lower-powered computing, though they have proved difficult to work with.
0	  COSTA DO SAUIPE, Brazil — FIFA continued its policy of taking tournaments to developing football frontiers when it awarded the 2017 Under-17 World Cup to India on Thursday.It will be the biggest football tournament staged in India, who won the nomination by beating bids from 2010 World Cup hosts South Africa and Uzbekistan.FIFA also awarded the Under-20 World Cup in 2017 to South Korea while the women's Under-17 World Cup in 2016 was given to Jordan and the Under-20 women's World Cup will be played in South Africa .
1	 MOSCOW (AP) — A Soyuz space capsule carrying an American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts landed Saturday morning on the foggy steppes of Kazakhstan, safely returning the three men to Earth after a 144-day mission to the International Space Station .NASA's Kevin Ford and Russians Oleg Novitsky and Yevgeny Tarelkin had been scheduled to return on Friday, but the landing was postponed by a day because of bad weather .
0	 When the Yankees signed Johnny Damon away from the Boston Red Sox in 2006 — two years after he helped them beat the Yankees and win the World Series — it was a coup . Damon provided the Yankees with speed on the bases and home run power from the left side of the plate, and he helped them win a championship in.Seven years later, the Yankees are hoping to follow the same script by bringing in another gifted former Red Sox center fielder .
4	  CLEVELAND — On the blocks where the slain women were found, their bodies wrapped in plastic, nearly one in three homes is boarded up, some stripped of copper pipes and electrical wiring by scavengers that a Cleveland councilman compared to locusts.Once again, a chilling crime has drawn national attention to Cleveland, exposing how violence festers in semi-abandoned neighborhoods where social bonds have weakened and women seem especially targeted as victims.The police on Monday charged a registered sex offender with murdering three women and dumping their bodies in a garage, an overgrown field and the basement of a boarded-up house.
3	 A federal lawmaker is asking the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to investigate employer wellness programs that seek intimate health information from employees, and to issue guidelines preventing employers from using such programs to discriminate against workers.The request, by Representative Louise M. Slaughter, Democrat of New York and a staunch advocate for health privacy rights, came a few days after Pennsylvania State University suspended part of its new employee wellness program that had drawn objections from faculty members . What happened at Penn State was appalling to me,  Ms.
2	 One of the main qualities we look for in a diva is a variety that somehow stays the same; we want from our great artists both adventure and safety. But Barbara Stanwyck pushed her range further than most. She was sometimes a femme fatale and sometimes a screwball comedian; she was a noble missionary's wife in  The Bitter Tea of General Yen   (1933) and a scheming con artist in  The Lady Eve. Film Forum (filmforum.org) has been celebrating her this month with a rich, 40- film retrospective.
4	  Rick Perry is in transition again, wearing glasses, playing the elder and running just a tiny bit to the left of Ted Cruz and a notch or two to the right of Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey .In a surprising twist, he looks like a conservative establishment candidate as the jockeying begins for the 2016 presidential race . He is still anti- Washington, still steeped in states' rights and Tea Party rhetoric, still quite conservative, but not quite so eager to burn down the castle. He is turning into Mr.
4	  MIAMI — Gov . Rick Scott of Florida reversed himself on Wednesday and announced that he would expand his state's Medicaid program to cover the poor, becoming the latest — and, perhaps, most prominent — Republican critic of President Obama's health care law to decide to put it into effect.It was an about-face for Mr. Scott, a former businessman who entered politics as a critic of Mr. Obama's health care proposals. Florida was one of the states that sued to try to block the law.
2	 For almost its entire life, cinema has been proclaimed a dying medium, under threat from talkies, television, home video and now digital technology. One increasingly popular response to this eternal lament is to think of cinema as a live art.The San Francisco filmmaker Sam Green introduced what he called the  live documentary   with  Utopia in Four Movements. In what amounted to a lavishly illustrated lecture-performance Mr. Green, a director of the Oscar-nominated documentary  The Weather Underground, stood before the audience, narrating and cuing images and clips while a band played live.
1	 Early in the 20th century, two brothers discovered a nearly complete Neanderthal skeleton in a pit inside a cave at La Chapelle-aux- Saints, in southwestern France. The discovery raised the possibility that these evolutionary relatives of ours intentionally buried their dead — at least,000 years ago, before the arrival of anatomically modern humans in Europe.These and at least 40 subsequent discoveries, a few as far from Europe as Israel and Iraq, appeared to suggest that Neanderthals, long thought of as brutish cave dwellers, actually had complex funeral practices.
4	 He arrived at the police station here early, as usual. Two officers were standing in the locker room admiring a new.45-caliber semiautomatic pistol. Thinking the chamber was empty, one of them pulled the trigger . A bullet ricocheted off a locker and went right through the boy's neck, severing his spinal cord.At, he would never walk again and never fulfill his dream of becoming a police officer .Now, three decades later and seven terms into his career as one of Rhode Island's two members of the House of Representatives, Mr.
4	 DANVERS, Mass. — Christian Snyder, a high school freshman here, never liked math much, until he had Colleen Ritzer as a teacher. It was always a struggle,  Christian, 14, said Wednesday outside Danvers High School in this quiet suburb, about 20 miles north of Boston .  But she was always positive and happy, and she made me feel like I wanted to go to math class. He was among many here who was suddenly grieving for the beloved teacher, who was, after she was found dead early Wednesday in a wooded area behind the school.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama announced on Wednesday afternoon that Susan E. Rice, the American ambassador to the United Nations, would replace Tom Donilon, who is resigning, as national security adviser in a major shakeup of his foreign-policy inner circle.The appointment, which Mr. Obama made in a Rose Garden ceremony, puts Ms. Rice, 48, an outspoken diplomat and a close political ally, at the heart of the administration's foreign-policy apparatus.It is also a defiant gesture to Republicans who harshly criticized Ms. Rice for presenting an erroneous account of the deadly attacks on the American mission in Benghazi, Libya.
1	 The dark side of the universe is whispering, but scientists are still not sure what it is saying.Samuel Ting, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Nobel laureate particle physicist, said Wednesday that his.6 billion cosmic ray experiment on the International Space Station had found evidence of  new physical phenomena  that could represent dark matter, the mysterious stuff that serves as the gravitational foundation for galaxies and whose identification would rewrite some of the laws of physics.
2	 Xuefei Yang, a gifted guitarist who is said to have been the first guitar major at Beijing's Central Conservatory of Music, will perform at SubCulture on Tuesday in a show presented by the 92nd Street Y. This intimate new subterranean space on Bleecker Street has joined Le Poisson Rouge, among others, as a prominent downtown platform for classical music . Ms. Yang, who has several records on EMI Classics, will perform works by Britten (whose centennial is being celebrated this season) as well as pieces by Ginastera, Chen Yi and Mertz. (7:30 p.m. Tuesday, 45 Bleecker Street, Greenwich Village, 212-415-5500, 92y.org.)
3	 One of the few things that nearly everyone in Washington agrees on is that American workers are the best. More productive than any on earth,  President Obama has said of them. They  build better products than anybody else.  Republicans, somewhat less exuberant, are nonetheless sure that American workers  can surpass the competition  on any level playing field. Even the United States Chamber of Commerce — not always a worker's best friend — asserts that, along with the nation's entrepreneurs and companies, America's workers  are the best in the world. Fact is, they are not.
4	  WASHINGTON — When the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence wanted to promote more restrictions on firearms after the Connecticut school shootings in December, it turned to a firm to help publicize its position. The firm's name? Point Blank Public Affairs .When Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr . promised ideas for responding to the massacre, he said he was  shooting for Tuesday  — even as he warned that there is  no silver bullet  for stopping gun violence .
0	  CHICAGO — A placard was laid on each seat at United Center before Game 4 on Monday night between the Chicago Bulls and the Miami Heat . In capital white letters on a red background, the words encapsulated these playoffs for the Bulls, an injury-riddled team that has made its way into the second round on grit and guile.Fans waved them during warm-ups and when the teams were introduced. They held them in their laps, ready to raise them again for much of the game. There were few chances.
3	  HOUSTON — OVER the last few months, as an Egyptian government fell in a coup, the United States considered an attack on Syria and disgruntled Libyan terminal guards blocked oil exports, the only predictable news was the rise in oil prices to levels not seen in more than two years.It all seemed distressingly similar to previous oil shocks. That is, until the higher prices suddenly retreated, along with President Obama's plans to retaliate for Syria's apparent use of chemical weapons .What is the lesson of the summer minispike? Are we poised to return to $145-a-barrel oil and.
2	 One of the most popular films of the silent era, Douglas Fairbanks's 1924  Thief of Bagdad  is a work that begs to be seen in situ — that is, on the giant screen of one of the magnificent movie palaces constructed in the 1920s.
4	  BOSTON — Republicans and Democrats are bracing for bruising primaries over the next few weeks as five candidates begin to campaign in earnest to fill the United States Senate seat left vacant by John Kerry's departure to become secretary of state .Two Democratic congressmen will square off in the April 30 primary; Republicans have a three-way race. The winners will face each other in a special election scheduled for June.All five candidates submitted at least,000 signatures on Wednesday to earn a spot on their respective primary ballots.
2	  BEIJING — Amid the usual crop of Western-imported blockbuster fare (see   Jurassic Park 3D,    Monsters University,    Pacific Rim, two homegrown movies about four fashion-obsessed girlfriends at a Shanghai university have unexpectedly made their way to the top of China's box office here this summer.The first,  Tiny Times,  beat Hollywood's   Man of Steel   when it opened here in late June, grossing more than $43 million its first week, according to Entgroup, a film industry research company . The sequel,  Tiny Times,  which opened on Aug.
3	 ENNISKILLEN, Northern Ireland — European Union leaders and President Obama announced on Monday the start of negotiations for a far-reaching trans-Atlantic trade deal, but French indignation over recent remarks by a high-ranking Brussels official created a sideshow here at the Group of 8 meeting.Mr. Obama said that the first round of talks would begin next month in Washington between the United States and the 27-nation Europe Union.  The U.S.-E.U. relationship is the largest in the world — it makes up almost half of global G.D.P.,  Mr. Obama said, referring to gross domestic product .
2	 ONE of the first things you notice about Benny Blanco, besides the impish brown eyes and the curly hair piled up in a Prince-like coif, are the many curios adorning his hands and wrists.He started collecting them a few years ago to mark the hits he has helped write and produce. The old Rolex on his right wrist he bought when Maroon 5's  Moves Like Jagger  topped Billboard's Hot 100 chart in. The fat silver ring on his left hand was added last summer when  Payphone,  by the same band, reached No. 2.
1	 To the ever-growing list of ways humanity seems to have altered the earth, add another candidate: Air pollution may have had a major soothing influence on storm cycles in the North Atlantic .That is the finding of a paper published this week, suggesting that industrial pollution from North America and Europe through much of the 20th century may have altered clouds in ways that cooled the ocean surface. That, in turn, may have suppressed storms, and particularly major hurricanes, below the level that would have existed in a purely natural environment.
3	  WASHINGTON — Hyatt Hotels has reached a tentative contract with the union representing thousands of its employees, ending a four-year dispute that led to dozens of protests and a global boycott against the chain, based in Chicago .The agreement between Hyatt and the union, Unite Here, was announced on Monday and will go into effect once union contracts are approved by workers in Chicago, Honolulu, Los Angeles and San Francisco . The contracts would provide retroactive wage increases and keep employees' current health care and pension benefits through.
0	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Vijay Singh, the 2005 champion of the Wells Fargo Championship, taking place here this week, was asked on the driving range Tuesday morning where his doping case with the PGA Tour stood. It had been 91 days since Singh admitted in a magazine article to taking deer antler spray, a substance included on the tour's banned list because it contains IGF, an insulinlike growth hormone. I have no comments on anything,  Singh said.
0	  The United States scored two goals from set pieces but rarely tested the Belgian defense in the final third. With the United States struggling for offense for most of the past year, it was unreasonable to expect anything different with many of the same players in action.The takeaway from the game were the sloppy mistakes that cost the Americans. Every Belgian goal came from a glaring miscue, and questions of the team's preparation surfaced.It was hardly surprising that Belgium won because it is more talented.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — The military judge in the trial of Pfc. Bradley Manning decided on Thursday not to drop a charge accusing Private Manning of   aiding the enemy .  If found guilty on all counts, Private Manning could face life in prison without parole plus an additional 154 years.The judge, Col. Denise Lind, said the government had provided sufficient evidence to justify keeping the   aiding the enemy   charge alive.
3	 LONDON — Long before trade negotiations began with the United States this summer, European officials were consulting with business leaders from both sides of the Atlantic on how to structure a free-trade pact .Internal documents obtained by The New York Times offer a window into the extent that European trade negotiators allow big business lobby groups to set the agenda. Among other things, the business community was seeking an active role in writing new regulations — the trans-Atlantic rules that might one day cover things like how poultry is cleaned and how trade secrets are protected.
3	 After an estimated,000 patients in the United States have received a type of artificial hip that is failing early in many cases, the Food and Drug Administration is proposing rules that could stop manufacturers from selling such implants.Under the proposal, which the agency is expected to announce on Thursday, makers of artificial hips with all-metal components would have to prove the devices were safe and effective before they could continue selling existing ones or obtain approval for new all-metal designs.
4	  WASHINGTON — A company that conducted a background check of Edward J. Snowden, the government contractor who leaked national security secrets, said on Thursday that it had also run a check on the former Navy reservist who killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard on Monday.USIS, once known as US Investigations Services, said that it conducted the check on the reservist, Aaron Alexis, in; Mr. Alexis joined the Navy that year.
1	 MOSCOW (AP) — A Soyuz capsule carrying three astronauts successfully docked Friday with the International Space Station, bringing the size of the crew at the orbiting lab to six.Chris Cassidy of the United States and Russians Pavel Vinogradov and Alexander Misurkin traveled six hours in the capsule before linking up with the space station's Russian Rassvet research module over the Pacific Ocean, just off Peru, at:28 GMT. It's such a beautiful sight, hard to believe my eyes,  the 59-year-old Vinogradov, who had been in space in 1997 and, was heard saying on NASA TV.
4	  WASHINGTON — Defense Secretary Leon E . Panetta is lifting the military's official ban on women in combat, which will open up hundreds of thousands of additional front-line jobs to them, senior defense officials said Wednesday.The groundbreaking decision overturns a 1994 Pentagon rule that restricts women from artillery, armor, infantry and other such combat roles, even though in reality women have frequently found themselves in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan ; according to the Pentagon, hundreds of thousands of women have deployed in those conflicts.
1	 Perhaps it does not seem cause for celebration that the Oregon spotted frog, a four- inch-long amphibian that prefers the Pacific Northwest's dwindling marshy spots, is to be considered this year for federal protection as an endangered species .Tell that to the frog. It has been languishing for 22 years — since 1991 — awaiting its day in the bureaucratic sun.The eastern massasauga rattlesnake has been a candidate for protection since, a legless bridesmaid, never a bride. Ditto the elfin- woods warbler.
4	  WASHINGTON — In, a tiny Palestinian - rights group called Minnesota Break the Bonds applied to the Internal Revenue Service for tax-exempt status . Two years and a lot of prodding later, the I.R.S. sent the group's leaders a series of questions and requests almost identical to the ones it was sending to Tea Party groups at the time.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — James Carville, the noted political consultant and proud Louisianian, took a long draw on his coffee at a Garden District breakfast spot here recently before shaking his head and offering a wry smile. The question was, what would Carville say if Roger Goodell, the commissioner of the N.F.L., happened to ask him for a restaurant recommendation in advance of the Super Bowl on Feb. 3? Something with a back room?  Carville, a co-chairman of the Super Bowl host committee, finally said with a laugh.  Or room service .
3	 They gathered here last month in a hearing room operated by the European government, for a public briefing on the status of trade talks between Vietnam and the European Union, which began last year. One industry noticeably dominated the audience, from the 14 chairs reserved for the European Branded Clothing Alliance, a trade group for the likes of H&M and Ralph Lauren, to the leader of an alliance of textile makers seated a few rows behind them.For clothing and shoe companies, the negotiations between Europe and Vietnam are being watched with especially close care.
0	  ATLANTA — It was all there for the Jets, and then it almost wasn't. Their lead, which had grown to 13 points almost midway through the fourth quarter . Their discipline, which had improved after penalty-filled disasters the previous two weeks. Their sense of accomplishment, which comes from watching a rookie quarterback recover from the worst game of his brief career by delivering the best one.That is what Geno Smith did Monday night, throwing three touchdown passes and leading the Jets to a third fourth-quarter comeback in five games.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Shelby Miller hit his first career home run and also pitched six sharp innings, leading the St . Louis Cardinals over the Arizona Diamondbacks 12-8 Thursday night . Matt Adams and Daniel Descalso homered in an eight-run fourth inning off Ian Kennedy . Matt Holliday and Matt Carpenter also connected for the Cardinals .Miller (7-3) allowed two runs and six hits. He struck out nine and walked none.Kennedy (3-4) was tagged for 10 runs and 13 hits in four innings.
0	  FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — When the Jets selected Dee Milliner ninth over all in April's draft with the hope that he would ultimately replace Darrelle Revis, a premier cornerback they had traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, General Manager John Idzik said he was  comfortable  with Milliner's medical history . Dee just loves football,  Idzik said.  He just does not miss practice. He does not miss games. That may have been true at Alabama, where Milliner helped the Crimson Tide to two national championships while playing 39 games as a three-year starter.
3	  WASHINGTON — Economists were encouraged by reports on Thursday that applications last week for unemployment benefits fell and that retail sales rose .6 percent in May from April. The number of Americans seeking unemployment benefits dropped,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted,000, a decline that suggests steady job gains will endure.The less volatile four-week average decreased,250 to,250, the Labor Department said on Thursday. Both figures are roughly,000 higher than a month ago, which were the lowest in five years.Applications, a proxy for layoffs, have fallen.5 percent since January, suggesting that employers were cutting fewer jobs .
3	 BERLIN — Shares of Alcatel-Lucent, the troubled French-American maker of telecommunications equipment, rose more than 5 percent in Paris on Wednesday after its chief executive presented a package of cost cuts, planned job reductions and asset sales designed to raise at least 2 billion euros, or.7 billion, by the end of.The chief, Michel Combes, a former Vodafone senior executive hired in February to lead Alcatel-Lucent, which lost.
4	  WASHINGTON — The State Department board that reviewed last year's attack on a diplomatic outpost in Libya never questioned Hillary Rodham Clinton, the secretary of state at the time, because it had already decided responsibility lay below her level, the board's chairman said Sunday.Thomas R. Pickering, a former ambassador who led the review, said his group discussed its findings with Mrs. Clinton but did not pose any questions because it had established the facts to its satisfaction and concluded that mistakes were made by less senior officials . Likewise, he said, the panel did not question her two deputies .
4	 More than one million New Yorkers are expected to gain coverage under the federal health care law, according to estimates from the New York State Health Foundation. On Monday, the foundation unveiled an online map, where people will be able to view estimates by region of how many people are expected to be covered under Medicaid and how many will get private insurance – as well as how many are likely to remain uninsured.
3	  DETROIT — Federal regulators are planning changes to vehicle fuel-economy ratings after the Ford Motor Company said Thursday that it was cutting the miles-per-gallon rating on one of its popular hybrid models. The Environmental Protection Agency said it would update its labeling rules — which date to the 1970s — to resolve disparities among the growing number of hybrid and electric vehicles on the market . E.P.A.
3	  DETROIT — Sales of new vehicles rose modestly in February, as American consumers continued to buy more fuel-efficient cars, and businesses, benefiting from increased home construction, replaced aging pickup trucks with newer models. Automakers sold.19 million vehicles during the month, a.7 percent increase over the period a year earlier, according to the research firm Autodata.The seasonally adjusted annual sales rate, a closely watched market indicator, totaled about.4 million vehicles . The rate bodes well for the industry, as automakers increase production to meet demand for their new products.
3	  HONG KONG — As investors fret about the budget standoff in the United States and slowing growth in Asia, the confidence of the world's superrich to splurge on top gems and works of art appears intact, judging by a string of Sotheby's auctions in Hong Kong in the past five days.One of the highlights — a white diamond the size of a ripe plum, weighing.28 carats — went for 212 million Hong Kong dollars, or.3 million, on Monday. Including fees, the price came to.68 million Hong Kong dollars, the highest price ever paid for a white diamond at an auction.
3	 As the Obama administration's health overhaul sputters in its opening weeks, insurers and advocacy groups are pursuing a new strategy in the quest to get millions of young people to sign up for health insurance : They're appealing to their mothers.In one cheeky campaign, AARP is urging mothers to send e-cards to their children reminding them to sign up. One e- card reads,  As a reward for signing up for health insurance, I'll defriend you on Facebook .
1	 Near the end of  The Tempest,  in what has been taken as Shakespeare's farewell speech, the sorcerer Prospero breaks his staff and declares,  Our revels now are ended.  And he goes on: These our actors, as I foretold you, were all spirits and are melted into air, into thin air: and...leave not a rack behind. The latest word from physics is that something like that ending may be in store for the universe.
3	  BRUSSELS — Inspectors from Greece's international lenders have put a postponed visit to the country back on the agenda and will return early this week after Athens made a new proposal on filling a gap of 2 billion euros in the 2014 budget, the European Commission has said.The team of officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Commission and the European Central Bank, the group of lenders known as the troika, is set to decide on whether to approve the next installment of loans under Greece's bailout program .
0	 NEW YORK — Major League Baseball appears set for a vast expansion of video review by umpires in 2014 and is examining whether all calls other than balls and strikes should be subject to instant replay .Replay has been in place for home run calls since August. Commissioner Bud Selig initially wanted to add trap plays and fair/foul calls down the lines for, but change was put off while more radical options were examined. My opinion has evolved,  Selig said Thursday after MLB executive vice president Joe Torre gave an update at a quarterly owners' meeting.
2	 In the spring of, Kiri Te Kanawa, the Maori-descended diva from New Zealand, had been churning out autographs in the Met Opera Shop at Lincoln Center for more than an hour when a slip of paper was placed before her bearing a name she recognized as Polynesian. She looked up and beheld Ta'u Pupu'a (TAH-ooh Pu-PU-ah, a towering 6-foot, from the microscopic island kingdom of Tonga, and briefly a defensive end in the N.F.L. until a broken arch put him out of the game.
3	 Just two months after Boeing seemed to have left the problems with its 787 Dreamliner behind, it suffered another setback on Friday, when a fire broke out inside an Ethiopian Airlines 787 parked at Heathrow Airport in London.It was not immediately clear what caused the fire or how serious the repercussions would be. But investors, mindful that hazards with the jet's batteries had led to the grounding of the entire fleet from January to April, reacted nervously, sending Boeing's shares down.7 percent.
2	 Weeks before  The Sound of Music   goes live for one night only on NBC, the actors were fretting about some scenes more than others.Carrie Underwood, who stars as the transformative governess, Maria, was nervous about pulling off her extended, spin-heavy dance scene with Stephen Moyer's Captain von Trapp . Christian Borle, who will play the captain's friend Max Detweiler, was banking ad-libs, he said, in case he breaks his nose during one scene that includes a blindfolded tumble into a fountain.
0	 MADISON, Wis. — The ending came up again in a team meeting for Wisconsin .That ending — the bizarre finish last week at Arizona State that left the 24th-ranked Badgers with a stunning 32-30 defeat after not getting a shot in the final seconds to try a potential winning field goal .The Badgers (2-1) talked about it again Monday. Coach Gary Andersen sees this whole experience as valuable learning tool for the rest of the season. He thinks his team has moved on, even if the questions kept popping up Tuesday. We'll have no hangover. Communicating about it, talked about it.
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — The press room at Oak Hill looked the same as it did 10 years ago to Shaun Micheel, with a few notable exceptions.The Wanamaker Trophy was gone.And it was the wrong day of the week. I wish it wasn't Tuesday,  he said, settling into a chair to talk about the memories of his PGA Championship victory a decade ago at Oak Hill .The final major of the year feels more like a reunion to Micheel .
4	 Enforcement of the law, one of the toughest in the nation, had been blocked by judicial order in two prior elections, and the state had agreed not to require ID to vote in November. But poll officials were required to tell voters that they would have to show ID's in the future or be turned away.In an opinion issued on Friday afternoon, Judge Bernard L.
0	  BOSTON — The final stop of the baseball season is the oldest address in the game: 4 Yawkey Way, Boston, Mass. Fenway Park . Green walls and red bricks. One hundred and one years of history.Before the Red Sox and the St . Louis Cardinals arrived this week, the World Series had not been decided here since, when a 23-year-old left-hander with shaky knees and a short career retired a Hall of Famer for the final out.
3	  TOKYO — As Samsung Electronics and Apple continue to slug it out across the globe for domination of the smartphone market, the South Korean maker continues to edge out the California company .Samsung is now more profitable than Apple, according to second-quarter financial results released by Samsung on Friday in Seoul . But while the two rivals have successively one-upped each other with ever sleeker, more technologically sophisticated phones, new competition is stirring.
0	 (Reuters) - Aston Villa's Belgium striker Christian Benteke has asked for a transfer and will be allowed to leave if a suitable offer is made, the Premier League club said in a statement reported by British media on Monday.Benteke's 19 league goals last season, following his move from Belgian club Racing Genk on a four-year deal for a fee of about seven million pounds .46 million ) in August, helped a struggling Villa side avoid relegation .
4	 Some were heading out West to hit the slopes. Some were traveling south for warmer climes. Others were merely popping across the river for a boozy night with friends.But as hundreds of thousands of Americans descended on Washington for President Obama's inauguration, the one place that many Republicans said they would not be, if they could help it, was anywhere near the nation's capital .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama is restarting a major effort this week to focus public attention on the American economy, a strategy aimed at giving him credit for the improving job market and lifting his rhetoric beyond the Beltway squabbles that have often consumed his presidency.The new effort, which begins with a major address on Wednesday followed by as many as six economic -themed speeches over the next two months, reflects how often world events, his political adversaries and his own competing agenda have conspired to knock him off that subject. Republicans were already mocking Mr.
0	  BERNE — AC Milan's maverick striker Mario Balotelli could miss the Champions League playoff matches after the club said he had suffered a thigh muscle injury during a pre-season friendly. Balotelli, who made a quick impact after joining Milan from Manchester City in January, went off near the end of Milan's friendly against Los Angeles Galaxy in the United States which the Serie A side won 2-0 on Wednesday. During the course of the game, Mario Balotelli suffered a muscular problem in his right thigh,  said AC Milan in a statement.
4	  BOSTON — David Wheeler stood in the well of a federal courtroom here Wednesday, gesturing toward James (Whitey) Bulger, the elderly man who was once the overlord of the Boston underworld and who had ordered his father's murder. Shame on you, Mr. Bulger,  Mr. Wheeler declared.  For all your notoriety, you are a punk and you don't even matter anymore. You've turned from a government -sponsored assassin to a pile of jailhouse rags. And so it went, for 90 minutes at Mr.
4	 The conservatives who have been trying to get rid of the Texas Senate's venerated two-thirds rule — here's looking at you, Dan Patrick — may have received their best argument yet from United States Senator Harry Reid, Democrat of Nevada.He is the majority leader in that body and the trigger man behind the death of a procedure that required a supermajority to approve a presidential nominee. The Texas Senate operates on a supermajority, too. Under ordinary circumstances, it takes approval from two-thirds of the 31 senators to bring a bill to the floor for debate.
4	  DES MOINES — Iowa has never exactly been a place that feels like home for the Clintons.Bill Clinton did not compete in the 1992 first-in-the-nation caucuses because Tom Harkin, Iowa's veteran Democratic senator and favorite son, was running for the presidential nomination. And when Hillary Rodham Clinton sought the presidency in, her campaign considered pulling out of the state . Then New York's junior senator, she mused publicly about the  special obstacle  she faced running as a woman here, and she came in third place.
1	 PETERSHAM, Mass. — On a sparkling New England afternoon, as hawks coasted overhead and yellow leaves drifted to the ground, Anne Pringle stood before a large granite obelisk that marked the graves of a family called French.In this bucolic cemetery, steps from the headquarters of Harvard's research forest, she was pondering mortality. But she wasn't thinking about the Frenches. She was thinking about lichens.Pale green and vaguely ruffled, like calcified doilies, lichens grow all over the tombstones and the old stone walls that fringe properties in this part of the world. Most people barely notice them. But Dr.
3	 Robin Thicke's song   Blurred Lines   is one of the year's biggest hits, but behind the scenes the song is the focus of a bitter dispute that led Wednesday to the family of Marvin Gaye filing a copyright lawsuit.In August, Mr. Thicke and his two fellow songwriters, Pharrell Williams and Clifford Harris Jr. (also known as the rapper T.I.), sued the family of Marvin Gaye in a pre-emptive strike, saying that they expected Gaye's children to claim that   Blurred Lines   copied Gaye's 1977 hit  Got to Give It Up.
1	 So many piquant tidbits this week: We were able to see a revival of the world's first Web site (which had no funny cat photos, watch the first movie starring tiny atoms, and view the first images of a surprisingly Earth-like hurricane swirling over Saturn.The world's first Web site, posted on April, 1993, was — fittingly enough — about the World Wide Web itself. The site, bare bones by modern standards, was both a primer and tool kit, giving such information as how to set up Web servers on the Internet, which was well established by then.
4	  DENVER — A month before James E. Holmes was accused of carrying out a mass shooting in a Colorado movie theater, his university psychiatrist reported that Mr. Holmes had been having homicidal thoughts and was harassing her in e-mails and text messages, according to documents released Thursday .The trove of search warrants unsealed more than eight months after the shooting brought to light some new details of Mr. Holmes's arrest, the arsenal he had assembled and the apartment that he wired with explosive booby traps.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Jimmy Paredes dropped Russell Martin's bases-loaded fly ball when he collided with second baseman Jake Elmore with two outs in the ninth inning, the second missed catch by a Houston right fielder, and the Pittsburgh Pirates rallied past the Astros 5-4 Friday night .Down, Pittsburgh started its comeback in the sixth when Chris Carter, usually a designated hitter, dropped Andrew McCutchen's fly ball for a three-base error and Garrett Jones followed with a double.
1	 Three Americans won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine on Monday for discovering the machinery that regulates how cells transport major molecules in a cargo system that delivers them to the right place at the right time.The Karolinska Institute in Stockholm announced the winners: James E. Rothman, 62, of Yale University ; Randy W. Schekman, 64, of the University of California, Berkeley; and Dr. Thomas C. Südhof, 57, of Stanford University . Their basic research solved the mystery of how cells, which are factories producing molecules, organize a system to transport the molecules within cells and export them outside.
0	 ARDMORE, Pennsylvania — There was no big birthday celebration for Phil Mickelson who turned 43 at Merion Golf Club on Sunday, only another case of heartache at the U.S. Open. Mickelson began the day with a one-stroke lead but despite a sensational eagle-two at the par-four 10th when he holed out from the rough, the big left-hander finished two shots behind winner Justin Rose to finish runner-up once again.In tying Australian Jason Day after shooting a final-round 74 for a three-over-par 284 total, Mickelson extended his U.S. Open record with a sixth second-place finish .
0	  SEATTLE — Yoenis Cespedes just feels more comfortable when he plays the outfield.Cespedes homered twice and Bartolo Colon won his seventh straight start to lead the Oakland Athletics past the Seattle Mariners 6-3 on Friday night .Limited to DH duty for seven games because of a sore hamstring, Cespedes celebrated his return to left field with a pair of two-run homers. Evidently he likes to play the outfield,  Oakland manager Bob Melvin said.  You could see his whole demeanor today, he was just in a better mood.
4	  CLEVELAND — About the time that neighbors kicked in a front door to free three women abducted and long imprisoned, the man charged with their kidnapping was idling away a spring afternoon at his mother's home.The man, Ariel Castro, 52, crossed the street to borrow a lawn mower on Monday afternoon from a neighbor to cut his mother's postage stamp lawn, then left with a brother to spend the afternoon drinking, neighbors said.It was typical of the outwardly mundane life Mr.
0	 BETHESDA, Md. — The one thing that keeps Adam Scott from getting overly frustrated with his recent play is a green jacket in his closet.That win at the Masters will make this a memorable year no matter what happens the rest of the way. Scott made it clear Wednesday, however, that he isn't satisfied with one major championship, and he's certainly not satisfied with how he has been playing.He was three shots out of the lead at The Players Championship going into the weekend until a 75-71 finish.
3	 SYDNEY — The Australian beef industry will be able to increase sales to Indonesia, one of its biggest markets, after Jakarta relaxed restrictions on some imports to hold down local beef prices and prevent supply shortages under a policy aimed at increasing self-sufficiency.Indonesia has agreed to exempt  premium  Australian beef imports from quotas, Trade Minister Craig Emerson of Australia said Tuesday. It will also allow live cattle exporters to start filling quotas intended for the final six months of the year ahead of schedule .
0	  COLUMBUS, Ohio — South Korea's Seung-Yul Noh won the third of four Web .com Tour Finals series events Sunday to wrap up a PGA Tour card .The 22-year-old Noh closed with a 2-under 69 for a five- stroke victory in the Nationwide Children's Hospital Championship . He finished at 12-under 272 on Ohio State's Scarlet Course and earned,000 to take the series lead with,125. I got started pretty solidly today and then I made a bogey on the third hole and I had just a one-shot lead after four holes,  Noh said.
4	 In their first meeting since a budget impasse shuttered many federal operations, President Obama told Republican leaders on Wednesday that he would negotiate with them only after they agreed to the financing needed to reopen the government and also to an essential increase in the nation's debt limit, without add-ons.The president's position reflected the White House view that the Republicans' strategy is failing.The meeting at the White House, just over an hour long, ended without any resolution. As they left, Republican and Democratic leaders separately reiterated their contrary positions to waiting reporters. The House speaker, John A.
2	 The trade in religious relics has ebbed substantially since the Middle Ages, when wealthy collectors and ambitious clerics vied for possession of a saint's femur or a splinter of the Holy Cross. But on feast days, relics are still paraded through towns across Europe.In today's market, St . John the Baptist has made way for St . John (Lennon ) the Beatle, whose piano — the one he wrote  Imagine  on — was auctioned off for more than $2 million in. The relics of classical music are no less venerated.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The nation's trade deficit expanded in November to its widest point in seven months, the Commerce Department said on Friday.The trade gap widened.8 percent, to.7 billion in November from October, the report said. Imports grew.8 percent, led by gains in cellphones, including Apple's new iPhone .Exports increased only 1 percent. And exports to Europe fell.3 percent, further evidence of the prolonged debt crisis that has gripped the region.The report suggests trade will be a drag on economic growth when the figures for the October-December quarter are released.
2	 The hip-hop festival Rock the Bells began in 2004 as a rebuke to what was then commercial in hip-hop : boasts about luxury consumption, the drug trade and nights in strip clubs . Rock the Bells promoted, instead, the storytelling, social consciousness and complex wordplay of the 1980s and 1990s, with headliners like Wu-Tang Clan and A Tribe Called Quest. But then hip-hop turned yet another corner. With the Internet gaining on radio as a way to build audiences, storytelling and complex concepts — not just easy hooks — made a resurgence among younger rappers.
4	 When the Supreme Court justices announce their decisions in two cases that could reshape marriage in America, few people will be listening more closely than Paul M. Smith, whose life and career have been entwined with the court's three-decade evolution on gay rights .As a secretly gay lawyer in the 1980s, Mr. Smith watched in silent disappointment as his former boss, Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr., joined the majority in a 1986 case that upheld a Georgia sodomy law. Out of the closet by the early 1990s, Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — A sharp decline in the trade deficit with other nations suggests the American economy grew this spring at a faster pace than previously estimated, helped by a record level of exports.The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that the United States trade gap fell more than 22 percent, to.2 billion, in June from May. That is lowest level since October.American companies shipped more aircraft engines, telecommunications equipment, heavy machinery and farm goods. As a result, exports rose.2 percent to a record high of.2 billion.Imports declined.2 percent to.
1	 Our theme this week is things that move in unexpected ways. In Texas, a rocket flew 800 feet in the air, then traveled sideways for 300 feet before returning to Earth. Elsewhere, two teams of researchers devised a method for teleporting small bits of information. And a wounded $600 million telescope is like a shopping cart with a broken wheel, says NASA. Onward and upward.The history of space travel is littered with disposable rockets .
0	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Who can take some rainfall, create cover with his smile and give fans the thumbs-up on Quail Hollow's thorny Green Mile? Phil Mickelson can. But on a damp, dreary Sunday, Mickelson's sunny demeanor could not light his way to victory at the Wells Fargo Championship .Closing in on his first title here after four top-five finishes, Mickelson played the final three holes in two over par to finish one stroke out of a two-man playoff.
0	 After several years of contentious contract negotiations and holdouts, Osi Umenyiora, a mainstay of the Giants' two Super Bowl -winning teams in the last six years, reached an agreement to play for the Atlanta Falcons late Wednesday .Umenyiora, who has been with the Giants for 10 seasons and produced 75 sacks in the regular season, will return to the Atlanta area, where he has a home and where he played in college, at Troy University. Terms of the two-year deal were not released.
2	 The mid-1990s had room for all sorts of unlikely rock stars . Indie rock and grunge had — how to put it politely? — wiped the glamour off the guys with guitars. Once those modes had been mainstreamed, the genre's stars could be just, you know, dudes. Resilient dudes at that. Two of the most dudely are in the midst of whodathunkit comebacks.As the frontman of Live, Ed Kowalczyk was the ur-emoter of the era, his innards pushing against his skin as he throatily sang about love.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of existing homes dipped in December from November, in part because of a limited supply of available housing. But the total number of sales in 2012 rose to its highest level in five years. The National Association of Realtors said on Tuesday that home sales declined in December to an annual rate of.94 million . That rate was down from.99 million in November, which was revised lower but was still the highest in three years.Total home sales last year increased to.65 million . That is.2 percent higher than 2011 and the most since.
4	  WASHINGTON — A 29-year-old former C.I.A. computer technician went public on Sunday as the source behind the daily drumbeat of disclosures about the nation's surveillance programs, saying he took the extraordinary step because  the public needs to decide whether these programs and policies are right or wrong.
1	 The budget being readied by the Obama administration has one item that might sound outlandish: nabbing an asteroid.The $105 million proposal would begin planning on a two-stage program in which a robotic spacecraft would grab a small asteroid as early as 2019 and drag it back toward Earth, leaving it in a stable position  just beyond the moon,  a NASA official said.As early as, astronauts in a new NASA spacecraft would visit the space rock and take samples. The plan, announced Friday by  Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, could help defend the planet from dangerous space rocks.
4	  OAKLAND, Calif. — The kitchen counter in the home of the Hayes family is scattered with the inhalers, sprays and bottles of pills that have allowed Hannah, 13, and her sister, Abby, 10, to excel at dance and gymnastics despite a horrific pollen season that has set off asthma attacks, leaving the girls struggling to breathe.Asthma — the most common chronic disease that affects Americans of all ages, about 40 million people — can usually be well controlled with drugs.
2	 Martha Graham always insisted that she was apolitical, but in 1935 she took a choreographic stand. The solo   Imperial Gesture,  created around the same time she turned down Nazi officials' invitation to perform at the 1936 Olympic Games, showcased Graham as a monarch demonstrating absolute power before losing control and toppling to the floor.No film of  Imperial Gesture  exists, only photographs by Barbara Morgan, and the task of reconstructing the piece by the Martha Graham Dance Company has been a daunting group effort.
3	  WASHINGTON — Builders began construction on the highest number of new homes in nearly six years in November, a sign of strength in the economy that underscores the Federal Reserve's decision to start tapering off its economic stimulus campaign.The Commerce Department said on Wednesday that housing starts jumped.7 percent last month from October, the biggest increase since January, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of .09 million units . That was the highest level since February.In contrast, housing starts increased just.8 percent in October, to an annual pace of,000 units.
3	 WE'RE beginning to hear noises that we've reached a major turning point in the housing market — and that, with interest rates so low, this is a rare opportunity to buy. But are such observations on target?It would be comforting if they were. Yet the unfortunate truth is that the tea leaves don't clearly suggest any particular path for prices, either up or down.On the one hand, there were sharp price increases in, with the S.&P./ Case -Shiller 20-City Index, which I helped devise, up a total of 9 percent over the six months from March to September.
4	 A federal judge who ruled in favor of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee in bankruptcy proceedings, and against sexual abuse victims and other creditors, is being asked by the creditors to recuse himself because they say he has a conflict of interest. Judge Rudolph T. Randa ruled in late July that the archdiocese did not have to turn over the millions in its cemetery trust fund to a group of creditors who include hundreds of abuse victims .
2	 It's inevitable that we'll have to get to a definition of  ratchet,  so let's dispense with it quickly. To act ratchet is to act foolish, or trashy, to behave in a way that makes others shield their eyes. It is the opposite of decorous. There are plenty of places one can act ratchet — in the club, in the bedroom — but it's always about behavior that's dubious at best, that makes people point fingers in slack-jawed astonishment and discomfort.Ratchet is exactly where Ty Dolla Sign lives, and happily at that.
3	 Without any good news to drive the market up, investors grappled with the question hanging over financial markets : When will the Federal Reserve and other central banks pull back their economic stimulus programs ? Markets have turned turbulent as traders start preparing for a time when the Fed and central banks in Europe and Japan are not pumping as much money into the financial system. There's nothing concrete out there to turn us around today,  said Russell Croft, portfolio manager at the Croft-Leominster Value Fund in Baltimore .
1	 It is known, informally, as the asteroid-lasso plan: NASA wants to launch an unmanned spacecraft in 2018 that would capture a small asteroid — maybe 7 to 10 yards wide — haul it closer to Earth, then send astronauts up to examine it, in 2021 or beyond.But the space agency has encountered a stubborn technical problem: Congressional Republicans .Normally, there is bipartisan support (or disapproval) in Congress for NASA's bolder plans, particularly when they involve human spaceflight.
4	 As an advanced practice nurse specializing in family medicine, Holly Jeffreys operates the only medical clinics in two rural Texas Panhandle counties. The state requires that she have a contract with a physician to supervise both clinics, but she operates the facilities almost independently. It would be easier to work in a practice where you just had to come in and work and take control of everything, just like a business owner,  she said.In the 2013 legislative session, Texas lawmakers loosened supervision requirements and broadened the drug-prescribing authority for midlevel health care practitioners like advanced practice nurses and physician assistants.
2	 Maxwell's, the feisty little club in Hoboken, N.J., will close on Wednesday after 35 years. In that time, just about every indie-rock and alternative- rock band has played there, from the Feelies to R.E.M. to Sonic Youth. Todd Abramson has been a near-constant presence since the mid-'80s, first as a booker and then as a part owner. Mr. Abramson, 51, left, has booked more than 200 gigs a year. He reflects fondly here on some memorable moments:One of the best things of the job for me has been the opportunity to work with some of my musical heroes.
2	 Her album  21  (XL/Columbia, released almost two years ago, was the top seller in, as it was in, marking the first time since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking music sales in 1991 that one album has reigned for two consecutive years . According to figures released Thursday  21  sold.4 million copies in the United States last year, after selling.8 million in. Late last year  21  crossed the 10 million mark, becoming the 21 st album to do so in the SoundScan era.The second-biggest album of 2012 was Taylor Swift's  Red  (Big Machine, with.
2	  LOS ANGELES — What will art house theaters be playing in? Sundance programmers on Wednesday threw their weight behind a cluster of new films that largely explore race and messy families, two tried-and-true indie themes.But their competition lineup will also include an unusual turn into the horror genre.The 30th annual Sundance Film Festival, scheduled for Jan. 16 to 26 in Park City, Utah, will showcase 117 movies in a dozen categories, including the rare one aimed at children.
3	  HONG KONG — Julia Przetakiewicz has an enviable résum: She has a master's degree from a prestigious British university, has more than a decade of work experience, has lived in five countries and speaks four languages.Unfortunately, her Mandarin is limited — and because of that, she has struggled to find a new job in Hong Kong, a city that once welcomed her with open arms.Cities like Hong Kong and Singapore — trading and financial hubs within one of the fastest-growing regions of the world — have long attracted Europeans and Americans in search of adventure and jobs .
0	 SHANGHAI — David Beckham drew a line under China's soccer history on Thursday, saying he hoped to inspire local children to get back into the sport .Appointed in March as a Chinese soccer ambassador shortly before the start of the new Super League season, the former England captain faces a tough task with local soccer still in a quagmire following a long line of graft issues.
0	  Mariano Rivera does not share the public's sense of concern about his well-being despite his recent slump, in which he has blown three consecutive save opportunities for the first time in his career. I don't go and review film,  Rivera said.  As a professional, you know what you're doing. That's why I have a pitching coach, that's why I have a bullpen coach. They tell you what you're doing wrong. They look at the film and they tell you and you do it.
4	 When Iris Morgenstern, an English teacher, remembers her former student Robert Avila, she pictures the towering El Paso teen squeezing a tiny dropper of food into the mouth of a scrawny newborn kitten . Robert is just a really gentle, kind soul,  she said.That is why, more than a decade after he was convicted of stomping to death his girlfriend's 19-month-old son in a fit of jealousy, she still cannot believe that he is facing execution. Now, after years of fighting to prove his innocence, Ms. Morgenstern and Mr.
0	 PISCATAWAY, N.J. — Moments after becoming the first player in the 144-year history of Rutgers football to have his jersey retired, Eric LeGrand told a loving crowd that his beliefs haven't changed in the three years since he was paralyzed in a game against Army .He will walk again. He just needs a little help.
3	 PARIS — Virginie Paulin's voice still trembles when she recounts how she was fired from what she considered her dream job at Ikea in France. I felt total incomprehension, I was stunned,  she said. As a 12-year employee of the Swedish home furnishings group, Ms. Paulin had risen to become deputy director of communications and merchandising for Ikea's two dozen stores across France.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — There were times — after he told his parents he was gay, for example, and his mother wept and his father tried to hit him — when Fredy Bolvito curled up on a bench in Union Square here and cried because he had AIDS and no job and no place to stay and he felt, he said, that  my life was over. But there were also days when he sat on the bench in the square and sang  The Star-Spangled Banner,  looking up at the flags atop the Westin St .
4	  Thousands of demonstrators gathered in dozens of cities on Saturday to commemorate Trayvon Martin, the unarmed black teenager shot to death in a confrontation with a neighborhood watch volunteer early last year, and to add their voices to a debate on race that his death has set off.The demonstrations began around noon at federal buildings across the country. They came a week after the volunteer, George Zimmerman, was acquitted by a court in Florida in Mr.
0	 LONDON — It was all pain and no gain for Victoria Azarenka on Wednesday as the Belarussian's Wimbledon odyssey ended with a bruised and battered knee before her second round match on Centre Court .The Australian Open champion was scheduled to face Italian doubles specialist Flavia Panetta but the fans were still filing in when the PA announcer said:   Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Victoria Azarenka has had to withdraw due to an injury.
0	  DENVER — Broncos linebacker Danny Trevathan began his touchdown celebration a little too prematurely after an interception, dropping the ball before he crossed the goal line Thursday night in the opener against Baltimore .Trevathan picked off Joe Flacco's pass early in the fourth quarter and had clear sailing to the end zone . A few yards short, he began his celebration and dropped the ball. His teammates tried to recover it, but the ball scooted out of bounds, resulting in a touchback and giving it right back to the Ravens .At least the Broncos were up, 42-17, at the time.
4	 CARNESVILLE, Ga. — Keith Ratliff loved guns. He built his own rifles. He kept bullets in his car's cup holder. And on the rear window he slapped a sticker of the Starbucks Coffee mermaid firing two pistols.Mr. Ratliff's passion for firearms made him something of a celebrity on the Internet, where he helped make scores of videos about high-powered and exotic guns and explosives. His YouTube channel, called FPSRussia, became the site's ninth largest, with nearly.5 million subscribers and more than 500 million views.But last week, the authorities said, Mr. Ratliff, 32, ended up on the wrong end of a gun.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate Judiciary Committee voted unanimously on Thursday to send the nomination of James B. Comey, President Obama's pick to be the next F.B.I. director, to the Senate for a floor vote.The bipartisan support for Mr. Comey suggests he is likely to be confirmed easily by the end of the month to replace Robert S. Mueller III, who is mandated to leave his post as head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Sept. 3.Several senators had raised questions about Mr. Comey's stance on waterboarding before he testified in front of the committee last week.
3	  WASHINGTON — Bright spots of momentum are emerging in the economy, a trend that increases the chance that the Federal Reserve will begin to ease its stimulus program this month.On Thursday, reports showed that services companies were increasing hiring and that fewer people were applying for unemployment benefits . That data followed reports of stronger auto sales and faster expansion by American factories . A report is due Friday on job growth in August. This year's job growth, with a sharp drop in layoffs, has helped lower the unemployment rate to.4 percent in July from.9 percent in January.
0	  RIO DE JANEIRO — Small skirmishes between police and protesters did little to disrupt the festive atmosphere around the close of a major international soccer tournament that has been the backdrop for the biggest mass demonstrations to sweep Brazil in 20 years. Police clashed with a few belligerent protesters during a small demonstration outside Rio de Janeiro's Maracanã stadium late Sunday . Inside, Brazil's national team, cheered on by a thunderous hometown crowd, shut out world champions Spain .
2	 Jess Wolfe and Holly Laessig are not sisters, or even related in any way, but they have been merrily twinned as the frontwomen of the indie band Lucius for nearly a decade. Both, they met as students at the Berklee College of Music and then, post-graduation, moved to Brooklyn in 2007 to forge a musical career.  We knew we wanted to work together and sing together and write together,  Ms. Laessig said.  But we were just kind of experimental, and that's why it took so long to come into what we are now.
3	 LONDON — Two months after a horse meat scandal first gripped Europe, tests conducted by European Union countries showed on Tuesday that France had found the most beef products containing horse DNA, while Britain had detected the most traces of a painkiller banned from the human food chain .Results from more than,000 tests carried out by the 27 countries in the union found horse DNA in about 5 percent of samples, while phenylbutazone, the banned drug used as an equine painkiller, was discovered in about.5 percent of samples.
2	 Mark Dendy likes bringing people together in celebration — young people, old people, little people, big people, people of all kinds. The movements he gives his dancers in these festivities are always appropriate to the space in which they're placed. There will be 80 of them in his new  Ritual Cyclical,  a production with the American Dance Festival, which is celebrating its 80th anniversary at Lincoln Center Out of Doors.
3	 Lowe's said Monday that cleanup efforts after Hurricane Sandy and its new pricing strategy helped the home improvement retailer's fourth-quarter earnings surpass Wall Street expectations.The results are a sign that people are beginning to feel better about spending money on their homes as the housing market slowly recovers.Lowe's chief executive, Robert A. Niblock, said the company was seeing a pickup in spending even in areas of the country hit hardest by the housing slump, like Florida, Arizona and California . Rising home values have given homeowners additional confidence in spending on their homes,  Mr. Niblock said in an interview.
3	 A growing number of American workers are confronting a frustrating predicament on payday: to get their wages, they must first pay a fee.For these largely hourly workers, paper paychecks and even direct deposit have been replaced by prepaid cards issued by their employers . Employees can use these cards, which work like debit cards, at an A.T.M. to withdraw their pay.But in the overwhelming majority of cases, using the card involves a fee. And those fees can quickly add up: one provider, for example, charges .75 to make a withdrawal from most A.T.M.'s, $2.
1	 NEW YORK — Any parent knows that a daytime nap can help keep preschoolers from getting cranky. Now a small study suggests that it helps them learn, too.The lesson for grown-ups : Don't cut out the naps if you try to cram more learning activities into a preschooler's day, say researchers from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.They studied 40 children, ages 3 to. In the mornings of test days, the children were shown a grid with pictures of nine or 12 items like a cat or an umbrella.
2	  Nikolai and the Others,  Richard Nelson's new play at the Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, recreates one very particular milieu of Russophone exiles in America just after World War II . The characters include Nikolai — better known to posterity as the composer Nicolas Nabokov — the painter Sergei Sudeikin; Sudeikin's ex-wife, Vera; and her second husband, Igor Stravinsky. They swirl around the choreographer George Balanchine (Michael Cerveris, who is at work with Stravinsky in preparing the ballet  Orpheus.
3	 It was another high day on Wall Street — barely.After spending most of Friday flat or down, stocks rallied at the last minute and closed slightly higher, just enough to post new nominal highs for the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index .The gains were tiny. And the new high, which does not account for inflation, means little to investors, who hardly have more money now than they did a day earlier. But it is a sign that investors believe that the market's rally this year may not be over yet.The S.& P.
4	  WASHINGTON — Black Americans were nearly four times as likely as whites to be arrested on charges of marijuana possession in, even though the two groups used the drug at similar rates, according to new federal data.This disparity had grown steadily from a decade before, and in some states, including Iowa, Minnesota and Illinois, blacks were around eight times as likely to be arrested.During the same period, public attitudes toward marijuana softened and a number of states decriminalized its use. But about half of all drug arrests in 2011 were on marijuana-related charges, roughly the same portion as in.
3	 ZHONGSHE, China — A moribund coal mine here descends deeply, more than,800 feet underground. But the deal in which a Chinese state-owned conglomerate bought it may be even darker and more labyrinthine.The Zhongshe mine and two others, in Shanxi Province in northern China, are at the center of unusually public accusations of mismanagement and corruption afflicting one of the nation's flagship state conglomerates, China Resources. Critics say that the.6 billion purchase was vastly overpriced and illegal and that large sums may have been squandered or, as some are claiming, improperly diverted.
3	  WASHINGTON — American wholesalers increased their stockpiles in April, and their sales rebounded from a big decline in March, positive signs for economic growth .The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that stockpiles at the wholesale level rose.2 percent in April. That followed a.3 percent gain in March.Sales in April increased.5 percent, the best showing since February. In March, sales plunged.4 percent.The April increase left stockpiles at the wholesale level at.8 billion, up.1 percent from a year ago and.2 percent above the recession low.
1	 The movement to construct tall buildings largely with wood as an environmentally friendlier alternative to steel and concrete has received a boost from an unusual source — a leading architectural firm known for its towers of steel and concrete.Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the Chicago -based firm that has designed a long list of skyscrapers, including the new One World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan, has developed a structural system that uses so-called mass timber — columns and thick slabs that are laminated from smaller pieces of wood.
1	  WASHINGTON — A treatment plant that the Energy Department is counting on to stabilize the radioactive waste at the nation's largest environmental cleanup project, at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in Washington State, has design problems that could lead to chemical explosions, inadvertent nuclear reactions and mechanical breakdowns, a federal advisory panel warned on Tuesday.The panel, the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, said the waste was also not safe where it was now, in leaking tanks that have long put dangerous pollutants into the soil a few miles from the Columbia River .
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — The last time Texas lawmakers began a legislative session, a cost-cutting fervor filled the marble hallways of the Capitol in January 2011 as the state faced a budget shortfall of as much as $27 billion. Legislators warned of sparing nothing and no one from deep cutbacks — from highways, to prisons, to health care for the poor, to programs for preschool children.Two years later, as lawmakers met Tuesday for the opening of the Legislature, the state's financial picture was not nearly as dire.
1	 When it was opened to the public in, the Singer Building at 149 Broadway held the record, however briefly, as the tallest skyscraper in the world. Sixty years later, it had the honor of setting a more enduring record – as the world's largest skyscraper ever to be peacefully demolished.The 612- foot-tall, 47-story headquarters of the Singer Sewing Machine Company had been a landmark of downtown Manhattan for decades, thanks in part to its unique shape.
3	 The stock market finished pretty much where it started on Wednesday as a mixed collection of earnings from big-name American companies left investors uninspired. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, the market's most widely used indicator, ended just barely higher, by.01 point. The Dow Jones industrial average slid.16 points, held back by big drops in Procter & Gamble and AT&T. P.& G. issued a weak quarterly profit forecast, and AT&T lost subscribers from its contract-based plans for the first time. Investors are taking their cue from a heavy dose of earnings this week.
0	 For a moment this weekend, it seemed that New York City Football Club had found a home. The Major League Soccer expansion team, which is partly owned by Manchester City of England's Premier League and the Yankees, does not begin play until, but Mayor Michael R . Bloomberg appeared to indicate in his weekly radio address that the club would play its home games at Yankee Stadium .
0	  MIAMI — Giancarlo Stanton homered leading off the ninth inning to tie it and Ed Lucas beat out double-play relay in the 10th to lift the Miami Marlins over the Washington Nationals 2-1 on Saturday night .Stanton connected against Rafael Soriano to make it 1-all. Steve Cishek (3-4) struck out Scott Hairston and Ryan Zimmerman with runners on second and third to end the Washington 10th.Adeiny Hechavarria opened the Miami 10th by reaching second when third baseman Chad Tracy fielded his chopper but threw the ball into stands.Craig Stammen (4-4) walked Jeff Mathis and Placido Polanco sacrificed both runners over.
2	 By the time midnight strikes on Dec. 31, The New York Times will have reviewed almost 900 movies in the course of. This number, which grows every year, nonetheless represents a tiny fraction of the moving-picture entertainment made available to the public over the previous 12 months on television, video on demand and streaming services and at the festivals that span the globe and the calendar.
3	  HONG KONG — Deflation remains firmly entrenched in Japan, figures showed on Friday, despite optimistic forecasts from the country's central bank, highlighting that there are no quick fixes for one of the world's largest economies . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who took office last December, has made the fight against deflation — the damaging decline in prices, profits and wages that has dogged Japan for most of the last 15 years — a central tenet of his economic policy .
1	 Deep in the woods, the whine of chain saws pierced the fall air, and Steve Garcia shouted a warning to fellow loggers as a 40-foot pitch pine crashed to the ground.He was chopping down trees to save the forest as part of New Jersey's effort to beat back an invasion of beetles.In an infestation that scientists say is almost certainly a consequence of global warming, the southern pine beetle is spreading through New Jersey's famous Pinelands.It tried to do so many times in the past, but bitterly cold winters would always kill it off.
2	 It's a sleepy week for dance in New York; most theaters are dark, and the late-summer lull has set in. For ambitious dancegoers, a road trip might be in order, namely to Philadelphia, where the 16-day Fringe Festival gets under way on Thursday. Formerly known as the Philadelphia Live Arts Festival and Philly Fringe, a restructured entity, FringeArts, presents this year's thoroughly interdisciplinary mix.The Norwegian choreographer Jo Stromgren offers his darkly funny physical theater production,  The Society  (Friday through Sept.
3	  Stocks on Wall Street gained on Wednesday amid cautious optimism that politicians in Washington would strike a last-minute deal to prevent the United States from defaulting on its debt, an event that could roil markets and economies worldwide. In early trading the Standard & Poor's 500-share index rose .7 percent, the Dow Jones industrial average gained .6 percent and the Nasdaq composite was.7 percent higher.The outline of a potential deal was also enough to keep global markets steady. The Euro Stoxx 50 of European blue chips was down.
2	 For three and a half years Ben Kalina struggled to find just the right elements and imagery that would make his documentary  Shored Up,  a convincing statement about rising seas, beach erosion, the fragility of barrier islands and the wisdom of replenishing oceanfront property.It was a profoundly ill wind that blew onto the East Coast in late October, the so-called superstorm leaving more than 130 dead in New York and New Jersey and causing an estimated $82 billion in damage. It was inevitable that filmmakers would seize on the story.
4	  WASHINGTON — Not for the first time, the White House made known on Monday that top administration officials had reached out to corporate executives for their help in getting Republicans in Congress to compromise on pending budget issues. But as both President Obama and industry chieftains are finding, today's Republican Party is hardly so quick to bow to big business .
4	  WASHINGTON — With a House proposal to end the fiscal standoff in limbo, Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said the Senate had to press forward with a bipartisan plan to reopen the government and avert a default, and then hope a strong vote will force Speaker John A. Boehner's hand. At this point, I think the Senate needs to lead, and we need to send over a plan to try to get government open,  said Ms. Collins, who has played a leading role in the effort to find a negotiated way out of the fiscal morass.
4	  DENVER — With politicians in Washington deeply divided over new gun regulations, an urgent national debate ignited by the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School is storming into state legislatures across the country. And nowhere is that debate more emotionally charged or politically consequential than here in Colorado, a reluctant crucible for the battle over guns.This state, one of hunters and sport shooters, has endured two of the most horrific mass shootings in American history, and this year for the first time in more than a decade it could pass major gun-control legislation .
3	  DETROIT — Automakers are making slow but steady progress improving fuel efficiency, as the industry hit a high for the average miles per gallon of new vehicles sold in August in the United States .A study released by the University of Michigan on Tuesday said that the average fuel economy on the window stickers of cars and trucks sold last month was.9 miles per gallon .That was nearly five miles per gallon better than the.1 m.p.g. recorded in October, when the university's Transportation Research Institute began tracking the data.
4	 SHERMAN — A worried call from his daughter's boyfriend sent Paul Boren rushing to her apartment on the morning of March, 2004. He drove the eight blocks to her apartment, peering into his neighbors' yards, searching for Andre Thomas, Laura Boren's estranged husband.He drove past the brightly colored slides, swings and bouncy plastic animals in Fairview Park across the street from the apartment where Ms. Boren, 20, and her two children lived. He pulled into a parking spot below and immediately saw that her door was broken. As his heart raced, Mr.
0	  DENVER — Rookie Jose Fernandez tossed seven strong innings and Christian Yelich went 3 for 4 with two RBIs in his major league debut, lifting the Miami Marlins to a 4-2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night .Making his first start since appearing in the All-Star game, Fernandez (6-5) baffled the Rockies all evening as he pitched out of several jams and limited one of the league's top-hitting teams to five hits and two runs. He also struck out eight.
1	 In findings that are as scientifically significant as they are crushing to the popular imagination, NASA reported Thursday that its Mars rover, Curiosity, has deflated hopes that life could be thriving on Mars today.The conclusion, published in the journal Science, comes from the fact that Curiosity has been looking for methane, a gas that is considered a possible calling card of microbes, and has so far found none of it.
4	  WASHINGTON — A Tennessee congressman who supports billions of dollars in cuts to the food stamp program is one of the largest recipients of federal farm subsidies, according to new annual data released by a Washington environmental group .Using Agriculture Department data, researchers at the Environmental Working Group found that Representative Stephen Fincher, a Republican and a farmer from Frog Jump, Tenn., collected nearly.5 million in subsidies from 1999 to. The data is part of the research group's online farm subsidy database, from which the group issues a report each year.In 2012 alone, the data shows, Mr.
4	 OLYMPIA, Wash. — The cold war may have ended, but in the Vietnamese community here in Washington State, the muscle memory persists.Aging refugees who lived through the Vietnam War and the fall of Saigon in, many of them scarred by the experience, have not forgotten, nor forgiven. Even now, an accusation of sympathy with the Communist government — real or imagined — can shatter a reputation.That is apparently what happened in the case of Duc Tan et al vs.
1	 On a Sunday morning early in January, about two dozen prominent physicists gathered behind closed doors at the California Institute of Technology to ponder the state of their craft.American physicists were not exactly sitting on the sidelines last July when CERN announced the probable discovery of the long-sought Higgs boson, the key to understanding the origin of mass and life in the universe. The United States contributed $531 million to building and equipping the Large Hadron Collider, the multibillion-dollar European machine with which the discovery was made.
3	 PARIS — Call it the Brussels Consensus. A system of beliefs rooted in European Union treaties helps explain the growing gulf between policy elites and ordinary citizens that may cause a political earthquake in European Parliament elections next May.These articles of faith are regarded as self-evident truths in the European Commission and at the European Central Bank but are often regarded by voters as the cause of their misfortunes rather than the solution to them.
2	  MONTREAL — As the executive director of Telefilm Canada, a government entity that finances some 60 movies a year, Carolle Brabant naturally goes to festivals all over the world to promote those films and advance what she calls  the branding of Canada   as a force in global cinema . Lately, she can't help noticing that she gets a much more respectful and enthusiastic reception than she used to. My first year, people were polite,  said Ms. Brabant, who assumed the direction of Telefilm, based here in the cultural and business capital of French-speaking Canada, in.
0	  MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — Woody Johnson, the Jets ' owner, strode to the middle of a jubilant locker room late Sunday afternoon . The players gathered around. His voice raspy from cheering, Johnson praised them for their passion and their effort during a season that ended with a 20-7 victory against the Miami Dolphins at Sun Life Stadium.As Johnson spoke, some players wondered if he had something else to tell them. He did: Rex Ryan, their coach, will return next season. The Jets mobbed Ryan, who turned emotional. They hugged him.
4	 From all available evidence, this is a new golden age for Texas independent filmmaking. Eight narrative features, either made by Texas -based directors or shot in the state, had their world premieres at this year's Sundance Film Festival ; more than a dozen more Texas efforts had their premieres at the South by Southwest Film Festival last month.One of those Sundance titles,  Ain't Them Bodies Saints,  by the Dallas -based director David Lowery, reportedly received a seven-figure distribution deal with IFC Films, which plans to release it later this year. The film's success helped Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senior House Republicans on Wednesday accused the State Department of failing to hold senior department officials accountable for security failures that contributed to the attack on the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, last year in which four Americans were killed. No State Department personnel have been fired or even disciplined,  said Representative Ed Royce, Republican of California who leads the House Foreign Affairs Committee .  No one has missed a paycheck. Mr.
4	  Mitt Romney said on Sunday that Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey could be the Republican nominee for president in 2016 and could  save our party,  comments that appeared to contradict reports that Mr. Romney's presidential campaign had been concerned about Mr. Christie's health.Appearing on NBC's   Meet the Press,  Mr. Romney responded to questions about Mr. Christie's weight and whether it would be an obstacle to a presidential bid .He said Mr. Christie provided health records to his campaign last year while being considered as a potential vice-presidential running mate.
4	  Congressional critics of President Obama's signature health care law have described it as a   train wreck   and a  nightmare  so dire that they are willing to shut down the government to stop it.One way to avoid that, some members of the House of Representatives have said, is to repeal a part of the law that amounts to a sales tax on producers of medical devices .The Senate rejected the proposal on Monday, but it could surface again.At issue is a.
3	 True or false? An investment banker who's thrilled about his new twin-engine Cessna will be just as excited about it after discovering that his summer neighbor on Nantucket commutes there in a Gulfstream intercontinental jet.If you answered  true,  you are in tune with the models that underlie most modern economic analysis. Those models assume that people care only about the absolute quantity and quality of the goods they consume. So the investment banker would still be happy with his twin-engine plane, no matter what his neighbor was flying. Yet in the real world, context matters.
4	 The answer, starting next January: a minimum of three, the same number required of male Marines.If anyone thought the military's decision to allow women into combat units would lead to exceptions for women when it came to fitness and physical strength, this is one service's   gender neutral   answer — or at least part of the answer.Like the men, women will have to perform the exercises on the Marine Corps's annual physical fitness test as  dead hang  pull-ups, without the benefit of the momentum from a lower-body swing.
3	  WASHINGTON — Mayor Vincent Gray vetoed a bill on Thursday that would force Wal-Mart Stores and other large retailers to pay their employees at least.50 an hour, calling it a  job-killer  that would not advance the goal of providing a living wage for workers in the District of Columbia .The bill put Washington at the center of a national debate on how far cities should go in trying to raise pay for low-wage workers — and whether larger companies should be required to pay more.
4	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — The gunman whose rampage across this city on Friday left four people dead before he was killed by the police at Santa Monica College carried a vast arsenal with him, including a semiautomatic rifle, a handgun, a tactical vest and,300 rounds of ammunition, the police said Saturday.The size of the cache indicated he might have been planning a much larger attack than he was able to carry out.
2	 In, about a year after Jessica Lang had graduated from the dance division of Juilliard, she went back to ask Benjamin Harkarvy, then the division's director, for advice. She was interested in choreography, she told him, and since the first piece she had created had been well received, she thought she should start her own troupe.  Just because you made one good work,  Mr. Harkarvy replied,  doesn't mean you should have a company . Chastened, Ms. Lang took another path: freelance choreography. Her works now number many more than one — over, in fact.
4	 Looking to shake off jet lag from a 41-hour odyssey that he and his American girlfriend had endured traveling back from his native Australia, Christopher Lane was chugging along Country Club Road here this summer when a black hatchback pulled up from behind. Someone fired a.22-caliber round into Mr. Lane's back, piercing his lungs, esophagus and two arteries. He died about an hour later.By nightfall, the police had arrested three teenagers, one of whom told investigators that they had shot the runner because they were bored and looking for a thrill.
3	 PARIS — Outside the secure elevator leading to his penthouse hotel suite at Le Bristol, Nicolas Berggruen handed a visitor his key. I'll meet you there,  he said as he inserted the white buds of an iPhone into his ears and bounded up five flights of lushly carpeted stairs.When Mr. Berggruen, the billionaire founder of the private equity group Berggruen Holdings, arrived at the hotel's top floor — just as the elevator doors opened for the visitor — he was wrapping up a quick phone call. I'm sorry,  he said, shrugging, not the least bit winded.
0	  MINNEAPOLIS — As the Minnesota Vikings filed into their locker room at the Metrodome for the last time, Leslie Frazier was there to greet them with a handshake and a hug.The Vikings picked up one more victory at the soon-to-be-demolished stadium, perhaps a parting gift for the popular coach.Fittingly, the Detroit Lions left on the losing end .Cordarrelle Patterson scored two touchdowns, including the go-ahead catch in the end zone in the fourth quarter, and the Vikings beat the Lions 14-13 on Sunday afternoon in the final game of the Metrodome's 32 seasons.
0	 SYDNEY — Under-fire Australia coach Holger Osieck has dumped veteran goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer for friendlies against France and Canada after the Socceroos' 6-0 humiliation by World Cup hosts Brazil earlier this month .Osieck on Tuesday named uncapped Mitchell Langerak, who plays for Bundesliga team Borussia Dortmund, and Belgium-based Mat Ryan as his two keepers in a 24- man squad, but said 40-year-old Schwarzer remained his first choice for next year's finals in Brazil . I know what he can do and his status in the team. He's our number one goalkeeper,  German Osieck told reporters in Sydney.
0	  LeBron James became the first N.B.A. player to score 30 points and shoot at least 60 percent in six straight games, Chris Bosh scored 32 points and grabbed 11 rebounds, and the host Miami Heat defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, 117-104, on Tuesday night .James was 11 for 15 from the field and scored 30 points . Dwyane Wade added 24 points for Miami, which wasted two 14-point leads before putting the game away with a 14-0 run in the final minutes .It was the,000th regular-season win in Heat history.
4	  WASHINGTON — Justice Sonia Sotomayor is a proud daughter of New York City, and her adjustment to life in the nation's capital has been rocky. Do not get her started, for instance, on ordering takeout. I go to New York, I order food, it's at my door in 10 to 15 minutes. O.K.?  she said in an interview in her Supreme Court chambers. In Washington, she said,  there isn't a place I call where it doesn't take 45 minutes.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Democratic and Republican leaders are nearing an agreement on new limits to the filibuster, an effort to speed action in the often-clogged chamber by prohibiting senators from using a common tactic to slow the legislative process . Lawmakers and aides said the new rules, which both sides were preparing to announce on Thursday, would end the use of a procedural tactic that forces the majority party — Democrats currently — to marshal 60 votes to even bring a bill to the floor, sometimes killing it before it ever gets debated.
2	 In the fall of 2006 Ken Chamitoff was traveling around the United States for his company, which takes photographs at martial arts studios. In Bellingham, Wash., about halfway through a three-and-a-half-month stint on the road, the unending days of being away from his family and living in hotel rooms got to him. I went a little nuts,  he said, and embarked on a shopping spree for martial arts movies, watching them over the next four or five days.  Afterwards I called my wife and said, 'I'm going to make one.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Orders for long-lasting factory goods fell in March by the most in seven months. The drop reflected a steep decline in commercial aircraft demand and little growth in orders that signal future business investment.The Commerce Department said on Wednesday that orders for durable goods declined.7 percent in March. That followed a.3 percent gain in February, which was revised lower.Weaker economies overseas and the impact of across-the-board government spending cuts have made businesses more cautious, reducing demand for manufactured goods . Spending on military equipment also fell sharply last month.
3	  WASHINGTON — The collision of the $1 trillion in budget cuts known as sequestration and the breakdown of the normal budgeting process is creating headaches not just for Washington but also for a vast web of offices dependent on federal financing . Many have been left uncertain as to how much money — if any — they will have to spend in the year ahead. I don't want to throw darts or rocks at anybody,  said Gov .
4	  WASHINGTON — As the White House and Congress careen toward another fiscal showdown, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office warned on Tuesday that President Obama and lawmakers have been cutting the wrong kind of federal spending as they try to avoid the unsustainable buildup of debt that is projected in the coming decades.Annual federal deficits will continue to fall in the short term, the budget office reported in its yearly long-term outlook, because of the recent spending cuts in military and domestic programs and rising tax collections in a recovering economy .
1	 A gift for spatial reasoning — the kind that may inspire an imaginative child to dismantle a clock or the family refrigerator — may be a greater predictor of future creativity or innovation than math or verbal skills, particularly in math, science and related fields, according to a study published Monday in the journal Psychological Science.The study looked at the professional success of people who, as 13-year-olds, had taken both the SAT, because they had been flagged as particularly gifted, as well as the Differential Aptitude Test.
4	  HOT SPRINGS, S.D. — In the past couple of years, conservative opposition to same-sex marriage has clearly started to erode. Prominent Republicans like Senators Rob Portman and Lisa Murkowski and former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell have come out in support of gay marriage . Even David Blankenhorn, the expert witness in the Proposition 8 trial in California and a Democrat, announced that he had changed his mind .They are, for the most part, moderate conservatives using secular, democratic arguments. None come from the Christian right. Among religious conservatives, opposition to same-sex marriage has remained essentially unquestioned.
2	 The Sundance Film Festival has long had a dual personality. The atmosphere is typically fun and fizzy — Stars! Swag! Hot tub hopping! — while the films are dark and depressing, sometimes to the point of self-parody.This year, however, Sundance is looking a lot less bipolar.Reflecting shifts in the independent film world — both in terms of how festivals are programmed and what kinds of movies budding directors are putting forth — Sundance, which begins Thursday in Park City, Utah, will play 14 comedies and comedic dramas in its three most prominent sections.
4	  Texas received federal approval in May to begin,100 experimental projects that could transform the way health care is delivered to the state's poor and uninsured. But there is a catch: to receive billions of dollars in federal financing, health care providers across 20 Texas regions must start the projects using local financing and meet some performance benchmarks.This presents a particular challenge for the poorest regions, which have higher rates of people who are uninsured or receiving Medicaid benefits, yet have been unable to put up enough local money to draw a representative share of the available federal dollars .
2	 There are artists who burn out at 30 and others who, accelerating as they mature, begin to seem like forces of nature. One such force is Ken Jacobs, who turns 80 next Saturday — an occasion marked by a recent tribute at the Museum of Modern Art, with another next weekend at Anthology Film Archives.Mr. Jacobs, an aspiring painter who turned to film to make action art by other means, is a master of controlled yet ecstatic, visual cacophony. (His favorite composer is Charles Ives.
2	   Blue Is the Warmest Color,  the three-hour romantic film directed by Abdellatif Kechiche, has drawn chatter for its long and explicit lesbian sex scenes, which accelerate the emotional awakening of its young protagonist, Adèle, played by the 19-year-old Adèle Exarchopoulos (pronounced ex-ar-KHOO-puh-lus. As she navigates young adulthood in northern France, Adèle struggles to steady herself while simultaneously confirming that few things in life are as devastating as first loves.Although those love scenes are languorous and sometimes lurid, Adèle's journey toward self-actualization is deeply relatable, and Ms. Exarchopoulos's performance has been praised for its honesty.
4	  LOS ANGELES — California is challenging the historic status of American citizenship with measures to permit noncitizens to sit on juries and monitor polls for elections in which they cannot vote and to open the practice of law even to those here illegally. It is the leading edge of a national trend that includes granting drivers' licenses and in- state tuition to illegal immigrants in some states and that suggests legal residency could evolve into an appealing option should immigration legislation fail to produce a path to citizenship .With.
3	 Across the country, cities are showing a renewed interest in taking over the electricity business from private utilities, reflecting intensifying concerns about climate change, responses to power disruptions and a desire to pump more renewable energy into the grid.Boulder, Colo., for instance, could take an important step toward creating its own municipal utility, among the nation's first in years, as soon as next month.
4	  WASHINGTON — Ending a climactic fiscal showdown in the final hours of the 112th Congress, the House late Tuesday passed and sent to President Obama legislation to avert big income tax increases on most Americans and prevent large cuts in spending for the Pentagon and other government programs .The measure, brought to the House floor less than 24 hours after its passage in the Senate, was approved 257 to, with 85 Republicans joining 172 Democrats in voting to allow income taxes to rise for the first time in two decades, in this case for the highest-earning Americans.
2	 Thanks to decades of high school reading assignments and a succession of big-budget movies, Jay Gatsby, the socially insecure bootlegger created by F. Scott Fitzgerald, has become the quasi-official emblem of America in the Roaring Twenties.But a more appropriate personification of the decade — and one who would have been far more familiar to those actually living through it — might be the comedian Harold Lloyd, whose life as well as his films reflected the shifting social dynamics of that transformative era.
2	 Last year, Make Music Winter, the annual solstice celebration of participatory performance, took place with an emphasis on its final word. I joined in  Winterize,  the baritone Christopher Dylan Herbert's peripatetic outdoor version of Schubert's  Winterreise,  at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden on a raw, gray afternoon as chilly as the melancholy score.This year's iteration of the citywide festival, on Saturday, was decidedly different. Temperatures soared into the 60s, and the sky was full of sunshine and fluffy clouds.
4	  State residents who have high medical bills but would not normally qualify for Medicaid, the government health care program for the poor, can call a state phone line and request an application. But the window is tight — the line shuts down after,500 calls, typically within an hour — and the demand is so high that it is difficult to get through.There are other hurdles, too. Applicants have to be elderly, blind, disabled or the   caretaker relative  of a child who qualifies for Medicaid, known here as TennCare.
2	 There was a time not too long ago when Gerald Clayton and Aaron Diehl might have seemed like brilliant young jazz pianists cut from the same cloth. Each came to the fore with striking subtleties of touch and a foothold in the music's bedrock traditions.They were contemporary exponents of a legacy of African-American pianists stretching back to the music's origins, and including masters of refinement like Duke Ellington, Art Tatum and Ahmad Jamal. They led small groups that seemed rigorously prepared, exploring a repertory that felt carefully considered.
0	 Chris Dickerson hit a game-ending three-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning Friday night, capping a four-run uprising against closer Jose Valverde that carried the Orioles past the Detroit Tigers, 7-5, in Baltimore .Valverde entered in the ninth inning with a 5-3 lead after starter Max Scherzer retired the final 16 batters he faced . Nick Markakis led off with a homer before Adam Jones singled and took third on a single by Chris Davis . Valverde (0-1) then retired Matt Wieters and J. J.
0	  WINNIPEG, Manitoba — Bobby Ryan scored the winning goal on Sunday night in the Ottawa Senators' 3-1 preseason victory over the Winnipeg Jets .Ryan, acquired in an offseason trade with the Anaheim Ducks, scored 26 seconds into the second period to give Ottawa a 2-0 lead.New captain Jason Spezza added an assist, and Milan Michalek had a goal and added. Defenseman Erik Karlsson had two assists, and Buddy Robinson scored Ottawa's first goal early in the first period.Robin Lehner stopped 17 of 18 shots in two periods of action for Ottawa .
3	 BACK in the 1970s, the British economist E. F. Schumacher declared that  Small Is Beautiful,  in a short book that was part environmental manifesto and part broadside against corporate bigness.The managers of three of the top-performing mutual funds of the first quarter might not agree with all of Schumacher's ideas — his musings on Buddhist economics can seem mushy and mystical — but they wouldn't dispute his argument that the best companies can sometimes be the smallest ones. All three favor investing in small companies more than many competitors do.
3	 They do now.Even before revelations this summer by Edward J. Snowden on the extent of spying by the National Security Agency on electronic communications, the European Parliament busied itself attaching amendments to its data privacy regulation . Several would change the rules of cloud computing, the technology that enables the sharing of software and files among computers on the Internet .And since the news broke of widespread monitoring by the United States spy agency, cloud computing has become one of the regulatory flash points in Brussels as a debate ensued over how to protect data from snooping American eyes.
0	  SEATTLE — At one point early in the second half of Tuesday night's World Cup qualifying game between the United States and Panama, the group of frothy United States fans known as the American Outlaws broke into a singsong chant directed at their overmatched opponents . You're not going to Brazil,  the fans intoned, referring to next year's World Cup in South America . Then, after a few verses, the fans switched.  We are going, we are going, we are going to Brazil,  they sang, shouting the words with glee.
2	  SAN FRANCISCO — Imagine if there was no  sock it to me  at the end of  Respect.  Think about  Like a Prayer  without the choir or  Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'   without its big  ma ma se, ma ma sa, ma ma coo sa  finish.
2	 Brian De Palma on 'Passion': Brian De Palma, the director of  Passion,  discusses his film starring Noomi Rapace and Rachel McAdams playing at the New York Film Festival . Strangle, strangle, strangle, strangle.  The filmmaker Brian De Palma was contentedly narrating the action of his new frenemy thriller,  Passion,  for a visitor.  The nightmare never ends,  he said as the scene concluded.He meant it in a good way. For more than 40 years, he has been orchestrating elaborately staged genre films .
3	 Over the years, as Rick Murphy helped expand his family's auto business in Edina, Minn., outside Minneapolis, he wanted to install solar panels to cut the electricity bills, but the upfront cost was too high.Then a developer, Blue Horizon Energy, made a proposal: Grandview Tire and Auto, using a new loan program, could borrow the,000 to install the system and pay it back over 10 years, but instead of making traditional loan payments, they would be made through his property taxes .
1	 Sixty percent of the forest elephants in Africa were killed from 2002 to, scientists reported on Monday, putting a number to the rampant slaughter of both forest and savannah elephants for their ivory.The increase in killing of elephants in countries like the Democratic Republic of Congo to feed a voracious international ivory market is well known, said Fiona Maisels, of the Wildlife Conservation Society and the University of Stirling, in Scotland, one of two primary authors of the paper published in PLoS One. But, she said, international action requires hard data.  So we just provided it.
0	  HOUSTON — Trevor Crowe hit an RBI single in the bottom of the ninth inning that lifted the Houston Astros over the Minnesota Twins 6-5 on Wednesday.Jonathan Villar singled to start the ninth and advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt by Jose Altuve . Crowe's line drive to left field off Brian Duensing (6-2) allowed the speedy Villar to score easily, giving Houston its first win in six tries against Minnesota .Ryan Doumit's leadoff home run in the ninth against Astros reliever Erik Bedard (4-10) tied it at.
0	 RALEIGH, N.C. — Brett Williams doubled in Tarran Senay in the top of the 17th inning to help North Carolina State beat Rice 5-4 on Sunday in the longest super regional game in NCAA history.Senay drove in the run that tied it in the ninth inning and set the stage for N.C. State (49-14) to make its first College World Series appearance since. It's been special these last two days,  Senay said.  It doesn't matter how we get the W, as long as we win. It's a great feeling, and we'll see how we do in Omaha .
2	 Before Nov. 22, 1963, Abraham Zapruder was an ordinary citizen of Dallas : a 58-year-old prosperous manufacturer of women's clothing who had arrived in the city from Russia by way of Brooklyn. If that day had unfolded differently, that is most likely what he would have remained. But like a small but growing number of Americans at the time, he was also a home- movie hobbyist.
2	 The Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami is no stranger to the possibility of misunderstanding. You might even say that he courts the creative potential of not knowing all the facts.His elliptical films have often left viewers tantalizingly uncertain about where things are headed, or even what exactly they are watching. In his feature  Certified Copy  (2011) Juliette Binoche played a woman whose relationship with a visiting academic seemed to change before our eyes, leading audiences into a pleasurable puzzlement, even a sense of wonder, and ultimately resulting in a more vivid fiction.
2	 In the 1980s, when the home-video revolution turned backyard directors into VHS auteurs, Chester Novell Turner lived his childhood dream of making horror movies . He bought a video camera, borrowed money from his mother and enlisted the help of buddies, a girlfriend and a preacher to make two ultra- low-budget movies that looked as if they were shot in a basement, because, in some cases, they were.
3	  WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary Jacob J . Lew implored Congress on Thursday to raise the debt ceiling, warning of potentially severe market and economic repercussions if it did not.But stock markets jumped on reports that Republicans might agree to a six-week extension of the debt limit to give legislators more time for broader budget negotiations . The deal would probably not finance any additional government spending, leaving much of the federal government closed.In testimony before the committee, Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — Consumer spending rose in February and Americans' outlooks perked up this month, further signs of an acceleration in economic activity in the first quarter after a near stall late last year.Data reported on Friday also showed a rebound in income growth, putting the economy in a better shape to deal with tighter fiscal policy, particularly $85 billion in across-the- board federal government spending cuts known as the sequester.
3	  MEMPHIS — Beneath the spreading shade tree in Laura Holcomb's front yard, there are some 70 varieties of hosta, stands of elephant ear and a Japanese maple. For the 17 years she has owned the brick house on Rose Trail Drive in the Hillshire subdivision, Ms. Holcomb has devoted herself to her home and garden.Across the street, Carl Osborne and his family have been tenants for two years, moving in after the previous owner lost the house in a foreclosure .
3	 ALAIN GAUTHIER, who runs the Bell Centre, home of the Montreal Canadiens, wrestled with a problem confronting arena and stadium operators all over: large arrays of energy -sapping light bulbs .Since the arena opened in, Mr. Gauthier spent hundreds of thousands of dollars a year lighting the hockey rink with 104 fixtures holding,500-watt high-intensity discharge, or H.I.D., lamps, and even more money cooling and replacing them. While fans barely noticed, the lights also produced a tint and flicker that irked broadcasters .So last year, Mr.
4	  HOUSTON — Prosecutors in Kaufman County announced Friday they would seek the death penalty against Eric L. Williams, the former justice of the peace accused of murdering two prosecutors as revenge for handling a case against him that led to his removal from office and the suspension of his law license .The brazen killings of the county's district attorney, his wife and one of his top prosecutors shocked law enforcement officials across Texas and brought national attention to a rural county southeast of Dallas .
2	  VANCOUVER, British Columbia — Greg Berlanti, watching from a distance, couldn't stop smiling as he sidled up to members of his creative team on the set here of   Arrow   — his second-season CW network adaptation of the  Green Arrow  comic book character — gushing like the adolescent fanboy he used to be. Can you believe this?  he said in a giddy whisper, trying not to disrupt the filming.  It's the first time Green Arrow meets the Flash! Mr.
1	 That's because it's a supremely triumphant weed. Barnyardgrass can swoop in to fields and outcompete planted crops. It is particularly devastating on rice farms, where losses sometimes reach 100 percent. It has evolved resistance to a number of herbicides that farmers rely on to control weeds. Even when farmers think they have rid a field of barnyardgrass, they may not have actually won the battle. Each weed can produce up to a million seeds, which nestle into the soil, waiting for a chance to regrow.Barnyardgrass is but one of many kinds of weeds found around the world.
0	 On any given day this season, the Yankees ' clubhouse can  be crowded with reporters, team employees and, most recently, a host of players rotating back and forth from the minor leagues in place of Alex Rodriguez, Derek Jeter and Mark Teixeira . Almost each day there is a new face to make even the most slightly recognizable player seem like a longtime regular.Among this crowd, the Yankees' best pitcher enjoys a nearly anonymous existence. He is bothered by hardly anyone, almost never speaks and is rarely noticed. Yet without him, the Yankees would probably not be a first-place team.
3	 LONDON — On Aug. 1, six friends drove a 1970s-era fire engine to the village of Balcombe, south of London, and used it to block the entrance of a site where Cuadrilla Holdings, a leader in the fledgling British shale gas industry, was about to commence drilling.Eventually, the police arrested the group and impounded the vehicle, which some of the protesters had bought for the occasion. It was the first time I had been arrested,  one of the protesters, Lu Brown, said by telephone.  It was completely fine. The officers were quite nice. Ms.
2	  LOS ANGELES —  What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? Michael Bay was whispering these words to himself, mantra style, and biting his fingers as he perched at his computer like a bird of prey. On the second floor of his office in Santa Monica, he was holding a videoconference with artists at Industrial Light and Magic, the special-effects company, and something was bothering him.As Mr.
3	 PARIS — If the troika that handles bailouts of distressed euro zone countries were a soccer team, it would probably be looking for a new manager after achieving a track record of one win, one loss and one draw.The uneasy trio — the European Commission, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank — was assembled in haste in March 2010 after Greece's public debt and deficit exploded and it was about to lose access to market funding .Last week's  mea culpa  report from the I.M.F.
4	  MIAMI — President Obama came to the congested ocean port here on Friday to promote his plans to rebuild the nation's  raggedy  roads, bridges, schools and other infrastructure with a marriage of public and private investment.At the end of a week absorbed by social issues like gun control and gay rights, the president returned to the economic challenges he has called his top priorities with a set of proposals to generate money for construction projects . What are we waiting for?  Mr. Obama asked, surrounded by massive cranes and cargo containers.  There's work to be done.
4	 Living in Limbo : A former combat videographer, Kathryn Robinson, describes trying to get her life back on track after her return from Iraq left her with P.T.S.D. and thoughts of suicide.After Specialist Freddy Hook, a medic with the Army's 82nd Airborne Division, killed himself in, the trail of possible causes seemed long.He had used illegal drugs : Was it the demons of addiction? His rocky relationship with his fiancée? A wrenching deployment to earthquake -ravaged Haiti or the prospect of an impending tour in Afghanistan ?As with most of suicides plaguing the military today, no one will know for sure.
0	  CINCINNATI — Kevin Huber is scheduled for surgery on Friday for his broken jaw, a season-ending injury that left the Bengals looking for another punter and holder to help them through their playoff surge.Huber got hurt during a 30-20 loss in Pittsburgh on Sunday night . Terence Garvin blocked him during Antonio Brown's 67- yard punt return for a touchdown, hitting Huber's chin with the top of his helmet.The Bengals (9-5) held tryouts for five punters on Tuesday and signed Shawn Powell. The second-year punter was released by Buffalo on Oct. 4 after rough games against Baltimore and Cleveland .
2	 SALVADOR, Brazil — On Sunday at noon, some,000 people were mustered for a parade at Campo Grande, Salvador's Central Park — part of the annual six-day carnaval here that ended on Tuesday. This parade was a show of solidarity: the first massed public performance of the city's blocos afro, the Afro-Brazilian drum groups that are also neighborhood associations and self-help initiatives in some of the city's poorest neighborhoods.At the core were 450 percussionists, pounding out the marching, swinging beat of Bahian samba reggae, and Carlinhos Brown, a hitmaking Brazilian songwriter and a bloco leader who organized and financed the parade.
3	 FRANKFURT — The president of the European Central Bank on Thursday played down risks reverberating from his native Italy, evading questions about what policy makers might do if the country's chaotic politics become a threat to euro zone stability . That's democracy,  Mario Draghi said at a news conference after the E.C.B. Governing Council left the bank's benchmark interest rate at.75 percent.The Italian elections late last month failed to give any party a mandate to run the country. Market interest rates on Italian bonds have gone up only a little since the vote, Mr. Draghi pointed out.
1	 Astronomers are marveling at the death and apparent resurrection of a comet that dove close to the sun on Thanksgiving.Comet ISON passed within a million miles of the sun's surface at:37 p.m. Eastern time on Thursday — by which time observers had already glumly concluded that the comet had disintegrated and vaporized.NASA posted on Twitter,  It's likely it didn't survive. ISON, which spent several billion years at the frigid edge of the solar system before starting a long journey toward the sun, had been billed as a possible  comet of the century.
0	 LONDON — Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart, who needed five stitches to a cut under his eye after being injured against Crystal Palace on Saturday, is fit for the visit to Swansea City on New Years Day, coach Manuel Pellegrini said on Monday.The England goalkeeper, who has returned to the side in excellent form after being rested by Pellegrini for six weeks, was man of the match in the tight 1-0 win over Palace at the Etihad Stadium as City made it 10 home league wins out of 10 this season.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — In a record-long spacewalk, Russian cosmonauts rigged cable outside the International Space Station on Friday for a new lab that's due to arrive in a few months.Fyodor Yurchikhin and Aleksandr Misurkin spent almost the entire seven-hour-plus spacewalk routing 120 feet of power and Ethernet cable. The cable had to be unreeled, then meticulously secured to handrails and hooks. Today we are the cable people,  one of the spacewalkers commented in Russian as the work drew to a close.
4	  WASHINGTON — In the span of four years starting in, Jesse L. Jackson Jr ., then a representative from Illinois, amassed a collection of celebrity memorabilia, furs, jewelry and furniture.Working with an antiques dealer in Nevada and a furrier in Beverly Hills, Calif., Mr. Jackson bought a,000 football signed by United States presidents, two hats that once belonged to Michael Jackson — including a,600 fedora — and an $800 cape.Mr.
3	 BIRDS EYE, the frozen vegetable brand, will introduce new TV advertising for its Steamfresh Chef's Favorites side dishes on Feb. 4, the first work by its latest ad agency, BBDO.Timed to coincide with peak consumption of frozen vegetables, the new campaign comes during a period of flat growth for the category.According to the SymphonyIRI Group, dollar sales of all frozen vegetables in United States supermarkets, drugstores and mass market retailers grew only.05 percent in the year ending Dec. 30, 2012, to.02 billion, compared with.3 percent growth in dollar sales in the year ending Jan. 1, 2012.
4	  Republican lawmakers on Sunday criticized President Obama's vision for winding down the war on terrorism, using talk show appearances to accuse him of misunderstanding the threat in a way that will embolden unfriendly nations . We show this lack of resolve, talking about the war being over,  Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said on   Fox News Sunday .   What do you think the Iranians are thinking? At the end of the day, this is the most tone-deaf president I ever could imagine. In his first major foreign policy address of his second term, Mr.
4	 As some Montanans see it, when it comes to the thousands of animal carcasses that litter the state's roads and highways each year, there is only one logical thing to do: Eat them.Under a new state law, people who come across dead deer, elk, moose and antelope — or strike them with their vehicles — may now haul the animals home for dinner. If there is some good stuff there, why not use it, rather than throw it away?  said Steve Lavin, a state representative from Kalispell, who introduced the legislation.
1	 In 1859 the Sun erupted, and on Earth wires shot off sparks that shocked telegraph operators and set their paper on fire.It was the biggest geomagnetic storm in recorded history. The Sun hurled billions of tons of electrons and protons whizzing toward Earth, and when those particles slammed into the planet's magnetic field they created spectacular auroras of red, green and purple in the night skies — along with powerful currents of electricity that flowed out of the ground into the wires, overloading the circuits.
3	 Chris Leh, the owner of a fledgling manufacturing company in Ephrata, Pa., recently landed the kind of deal that growing companies dream about, with a major client whose order volume will triple his annual sales to around.5 million .Because the new business requires a significant expansion of his production capabilities, Mr. Leh, 46, began hunting for additional employees and lining up financing to buy new equipment for his precision machine components company, TL Technologies. Last week, he was poised to close on a.5 million loan backed by the Small Business Administration .Then the government shut down. Mr.
3	 PARIS — While the euro zone has been transfixed lately by the Cyprus meltdown, another and potentially bigger European crisis has continued to simmer: record-high unemployment . Spending cuts and tax increases aimed at trimming debt and addressing the financial crises in bailed-out euro zone countries, and the rising rate of joblessness in much of the currency bloc,  are feeding off of each other,  said Mark Cliffe, chief economist at ING Group. It's a bit of a vicious circle,  he said.  Europe is pursuing a policy that is self-evidently failing. The euro zone jobless rate rose to.
0	 (Reuters) - Major League Baseball ( MLB ) has suspended former National League most valuable player Ryan Braun for the rest of the 2013 season for violating the league's joint drug prevention and treatment program.The suspension of the Milwaukee Brewers outfielder, which was announced in a statement by MLB on Monday, will keep Braun out of the final 65 games of the 162-game season and any potential playoff games .
3	 The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that generic drug manufacturers could not be sued by patients who claim that drugs they took were defectively designed. The decision is a significant victory for the generic drug industry, but further narrows the recourse for people who are injured by such drugs.The 5-to-4 decision overturned the verdict of a New Hampshire jury, which in 2010 awarded $21 million to a woman who developed a debilitating skin disease after taking a generic version of the pain medication sulindac.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, played down concerns about the Fed's economic stimulus campaign on Tuesday, describing it as necessary and effective and making clear it was likely to continue for some time.In testimony before the Senate Banking Committee, Mr. Bernanke was relatively upbeat about the broader economy, which he said was growing again after pausing in the fourth quarter . But he said unemployment remained unacceptably high. In the current economic environment, the benefits of asset purchases, and of policy accommodation more generally, are clear,  Mr. Bernanke said.
0	 LONDON — Serena Williams would be happy to take on Andy Murray on a tennis court after the Olympic champion said he would fancy a match against the 16-time Grand Slam winner. But just for fun.After being challenged by a fan on Twitter to take on Williams, Murray said in his column for BBC Sport that such a matchup could create interest among tennis fans.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Rand Paul 's intention was to highlight his misgivings about how drones are used. He ended up enmeshing his fellow Republicans in a broader debate over national security that scrambled the politics of left and right.After invoking and being embraced by civil-liberties -minded liberals during a 13-hour filibuster starting Wednesday on the Senate floor, Mr. Paul, of Kentucky, was showered with praise on Thursday by both the Tea Party movement and the provocateurs of the peace group Code Pink. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican minority leader, praised Mr . Paul's conviction.Mr.
4	 MIDLAND CITY, Ala. — A six-day standoff between an angry and violent survivalist who held a 5-year-old boy hostage in an underground bunker and a legion of local, state and federal law enforcement officials ended on Monday with the death of the kidnapper and the freeing of the boy.Stephen E. Richardson, the special agent in charge of the F.B.I.'s division in Mobile, told reporters that the boy, named Ethan, was rescued at:12 p.m. and that he  appeared physically unharmed and is being treated at a local hospital.  Mr. Richardson added,  The subject is deceased.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union's top antitrust official warned Google on Tuesday that the American company might need to make further concessions to settle a case concerning its hugely lucrative online search and advertising businesses .Without those additional concessions, Joaquín Almunia, the European Union competition commissioner, told a committee meeting at the European Parliament that Google could face formal charges for violating European competition law.Mr. Almunia's comments, in response to a question during scheduled testimony at Parliament, highlight the pressure from rival companies like Microsoft to devise a tougher set of remedies with Google .
3	 PARIS — Norwegian Air Shuttle, a budget airline, confirmed Monday that it had briefly grounded both of its new Boeing 787 jets over the past week after the aircraft experienced technical problems .Since its introduction in late, the innovative plane, which Boeing calls the Dreamliner, has had a string of problems, many related to electrical systems .
2	 Dan Steinberg/Invision, via Associated Press, Zak Hussein, via Getty Images for BFI and Eugene Gologursky, via Getty Images North America . 'Christmas Vacation.' My father looks like Chevy Chase, and my uncle drives an RV called 'the love shack,' so the story seemed oddly familiar. — Kristen Bell, the voice of Anna in the animated movie  Frozen.  'Kind Hearts and Coronets.  It's a very British comedy made in 1949 about a gentleman murderer with a very dark sense of humor . It's subtle, wicked and delightful, like an expensive box of liqueurs.
1	 The New York Times poll was based on telephone interviews conducted Jan. 24-27 with,052 adults throughout the United States . The sample of land-line telephone exchanges called was randomly selected by a computer from a complete list of more than,000 active residential exchanges across the country. The exchanges were chosen so as to ensure that each region of the country was represented in proportion to its share of all telephone numbers .Within each exchange, random digits were added to form a complete telephone number, thus permitting access to listed and unlisted numbers alike.
4	 After a week of air-traffic slowdowns, the Federal Aviation Administration said on Saturday that it had suspended its employee furloughs and was returning to normal staffing levels, while President Obama sparred with Congressional Republicans over who was to blame for the delays.The back and forth followed the approval of legislation in Congress on Friday to relieve the nation's air traffic control system from the effects of across-the- board spending cuts . The furloughs for air traffic controllers were among the most visible consequences of the cuts, leading to widespread flight delays .The F.A.A.
3	  WASHINGTON — Retail sales edged up in July despite a drop in auto sales, and a category of purchases that excludes the most volatile areas rose by the most in seven months, a sign that consumer spending could increase economic growth in coming months . The Commerce Department reported on Tuesday that retail sales increased.2 percent in July from June. Sales had risen.6 percent in June from May because of a surge in auto sales .The core figures for retail sales, which exclude the volatile auto, gas and building supply categories, rose.5 percent in July.
0	 ARLINGTON, Texas — With the way Bartolo Colon was dominating on the mound, all the Oakland Athletics needed was the early run they scored off Yu Darvish .Now they just about have a stranglehold on the AL West after beating the Texas Rangers twice in less than 24 hours.Colon scattered seven hits over eight scoreless innings and the division-leading A's won 1-0 Saturday, stretching their division lead over Texas to 5½ games with two weeks left in the regular season .
1	 When the Exploratorium in San Francisco reopened in April at a new, larger site on a waterfront pier, museum officials expected a crush of crowds — so many additional visitors that they worried the museum and its interactive exhibits would be overrun.Attendance at the museum has, indeed, more than doubled, to an average of,100 visitors a day, from fewer than,600 visitors a day last year. But museum officials had expected,000 visitors a day through summer, and four months after they completed the move to their new $220 million home, they had a $9 million hole in their operating budget .
4	  WASHINGTON — Thad Cochran, a Mississippi Republican who was first elected to the Senate in, set up a generational and ideological clash in the state's Republican primary when he announced Friday that he would seek a seventh term in. I will run hard and be successful so that I can continue to serve the people of Mississippi and our nation effectively,  Mr. Cochran said.While Mr.
3	  HONG KONG — China's nouveaux riches millionaires, wealthy princelings and bribing business executives may soon find their wallets a little thinner: The price for French Champagnes and Burgundies, Italian Barolos and pinot grigios and other European wines may soon rise in mainland Chinese stores .Less than a day after the European Union said it was imposing preliminary import tariffs on Chinese solar panels, China's Ministry of Commerce announced Wednesday that it had begun a trade investigation of wines imported from the European Union . The investigation could lead to the imposition of steep tariffs by China .
4	  WASHINGTON — House Republicans muscled through a stopgap bill Friday that would fund the government only if all spending for President Obama's health care law is eliminated. Senate Democrats and President Obama quickly made it clear they had no intention of going along, putting the government on a course toward a shutdown unless one side relents.The 230-to-189 party-line vote in a bitterly divided House set in motion a fiscal confrontation with significant implications — politically and economically — but with an uncertain ending. Without a resolution, large parts of the government could shut down Oct.
4	  SANTA FE, N.M. — For years, New Mexico has had one of the highest rates of alcohol-related traffic deaths in the nation. And during each legislative session, it seems, lawmakers wrestle with how to make the state's highways and rural roads safer, usually spurred by the latest horrific accident.This week, an aggressive new bill was being considered that would forbid many people convicted of drunken driving from buying alcohol anywhere — stores, restaurants or bars. If it passes, it would be among the most restrictive drunken-driving laws in the nation.
3	 LONDON — The British government signaled on Tuesday that it was intensifying its efforts to encourage the development of shale gas production, with plans to award a new set of shale drilling licenses next year despite persistent opposition from environmental groups . Today marks the next step in unlocking the potential of shale gas in our energy mix,  Energy Minister Michael Fallon said in a statement on Tuesday. Britain's Department of Energy and Climate Change, which regulates the oil and gas industry, said it was  currently making preparations  to offer the licenses.
4	  WASHINGTON — In an interview with student journalists, Michelle Obama used the word  normal  again and again last Friday in reference to her children.  I want them to be normal kids, just like you guys, polite and respectful and kind,  she said, according to 12-year-old Maggie McDow of Bexley, Ohio, who was reporting for Highlights Magazine. I'm winning,  the first lady declared of her battle to give her children something resembling regular American girlhoods.
2	 NASHVILLE —  My life is one very large country song,  said LeAnn Rimes.  What I've lived in the last four years is country music at its finest. She was referring to the time she has spent as a staple in the tabloids, attacked from many quarters for not only leaving her husband, but for also breaking up another celebrity marriage . Ms. Rimes, though, has never had what you would call an ordinary life.In, at, she won a Grammy Award, and was the first country act to win the best new artist category.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama called on Congress to raise the federal minimum wage to $9 an hour from.25 and to automatically adjust it with inflation, a move aimed at increasing the earnings of millions of cooks, janitors, aides to the elderly and other low-wage workers .The proposal directly addresses the country's yawning levels of income inequality, which the White House has tried to reduce with targeted tax credits, a major expansion of health insurance, education and other proposals.
0	 LONDON — Twice in January, relegation -threatened Reading managed to reverse halftime deficits and win Premier League games . But if the team is to win at Manchester United this Saturday, history suggests that being behind after 45 minutes will not be part of the script. Real Madrid did win after trailing at halftime at Old Trafford this month, with the help of a controversial red card given to United wing Nani. But that was in the Champions League . In English league play, Manchester United has not lost at home when leading at the half in almost 30 years.
0	 ENGLEWOOD, Colo. — Willis McGahee's decision to skip offseason workouts isn't what cost the veteran running back his job with the Denver Broncos .His absence, however, did allow the organization to see ample promise in rookie Montee Ball and abundant progress from second-year speedster Ronnie Hillman.That gave them the faith to put the football and their fortunes in the hands of the two young running backs Thursday by releasing McGahee, the 31-year-old bruiser who led them in rushing last season despite missing the final two months with a right knee injury .
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Curiosity hunkered down Wednesday after the sun unleashed a blast that raced toward Mars.While the hardy rover was designed to withstand punishing space weather, its handlers decided to power it down as a precaution since it suffered a recent computer problem. We're being more careful,  said project manager Richard Cook of the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which runs the.5 billion mission.While Curiosity slept, the Opportunity rover and two NASA spacecraft circling overhead carried on with normal activities .
4	  WASHINGTON — You might call North Dakota the antithesis of President Obama's political base.Whites make up 90 percent of its population, which is fewer than one million people and mostly in rural areas . Its proportion of people 65 and over exceeds the national average . There was never a chance that North Dakota would give Mr. Obama its three electoral votes.So Mr. Obama has not given North Dakota his time. It is one of six states he has not visited as president, along with South Dakota, Arkansas, Idaho, South Carolina and Utah .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama rounded out his second-term cabinet choices on Thursday, nominating Penny Pritzker, his longtime financial backer and an heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune, to be commerce secretary, and Michael Froman, a law school friend and White House adviser on international economics, as trade representative .Mr. Obama introduced his two friends in a Rose Garden announcement just before departing for a three-day trip to Mexico and Costa Rica, along with Mr. Froman. With Mr. Obama's nomination on Monday of Anthony R. Foxx, the mayor of Charlotte, N.C.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union's top financial regulator proposed tougher rules for market benchmarks, new oversight that comes after a wave of interest rate-rigging scandals at big banks .But the plan represents a step back from earlier proposals, which called for a single regulator to oversee certain benchmarks.The effort by the European Commission comes after a multiyear investigation by global regulators into whether financial firms manipulated key interest rates before and after the financial crisis to improve their profits and deflect scrutiny about their health.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — The face of Mars is dotted with a maze of channels, pointing to possible ancient megaflood episodes.Now scientists peering below the surface have uncovered the first evidence of underground channels apparently created by flooding — a finding that's expected to further illuminate the role of water in Mars' history.Using a ground-piercing radar sensor aboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, a team of scientists created 3-D maps of an equatorial region known as Elysium Planitia and the channels that run underneath the plains.
4	  FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — With a mix of swagger and candor, the witness airily acknowledged committing a fistful of felonies years ago as a member of New York's Gambino crime family. When I was in that life, I was in it thoroughly,  the burly 57-year-old mob enforcer told jurors last week in Broward County Circuit Court .  I was no good. I was a killer. I was a drug dealer . I was a hijacker. I beat people half to death. I did a lot of bad things — very bad things.
4	  DENVER — Starting early next year, any adult with a craving or curiosity will be able to stroll into a strip mall or downtown shop in Colorado or Washington State and do what has long been forbidden: buy a zip-lock bag of legal marijuana.After landmark votes made marijuana legal for recreational consumption, users in these two states will no longer need doctors' notes or medical reasons to buy the drug.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans continued a campaign to delay confirmation of President Obama's second-term cabinet nominees on Thursday, blocking a committee vote on Gina McCarthy, the president's pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency .The action came a day after Republicans on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee threw a wrench in the nomination of Thomas E. Perez to be labor secretary, delaying it for at least a week.In both cases, Republican committee members said the nominees had failed to adequately respond to their questions.
0	  BOSTON — Drew Stubbs and Mark Reynolds drove in three runs each and Cleveland had 16 hits in the Indians' 12-3 win over the Boston Red Sox in manager Terry Francona's return to Fenway Park on Thursday night .Francona, let go by Boston after the 2011 season, got a standing ovation after the first inning during a video tribute on the center-field scoreboard. But he didn't have to leave the visiting dugout during the game because all of Cleveland's pitching changes came at the start of an inning.
2	 A little over a month ago, I was up in the Balcony section of the Metropolitan Opera watching a performance of Bellini's  Norma.  It's not a part of the Met I spend much time in anymore, but when I was young, I sat for many nights in my favorite spot at the center of the balcony's front row. From up there, I would feel like the captain at the bow of a ship, the empty space of the theater sprawling out beneath me, and the proscenium looming fearsomely high ahead.
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, but continued weakness in business spending on capital goods suggested slower economic growth in the fourth quarter .Initial claims for state jobless benefits fell,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the Labor Department said on Wednesday. The decline, for a second consecutive week, defied economists' expectations for an increase in jobless claims to,000 and raised hopes for strong employment growth in November. We are at a level that, if sustained, would point to solid job gains ahead,  said Joel L.
3	 PARIS — The European Central Bank left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a record low on Wednesday, but indicated it was ready to take steps if needed to protect the euro zone from political turmoil in the United States . The U.S. budget shutdown is a risk if protracted,  Mario Draghi, the central bank president, said at a news conference . But he added that he did not expect the two-day-old shutdown to last long.Mr. Draghi deflected a question about what would happen if the United States defaulted on its debt because of the deadlock in Washington .
4	 Affirmative Action's Contentious History: Sam Tanenhaus on the history of affirmative action, a program that dates back to the presidency of John F. Kennedy and has stirred debate for decades. WASHINGTON — Courts must take a skeptical look at affirmative-action programs at public colleges and universities, the Supreme Court ruled Monday, in a decision that is likely to set off a wave of challenges to race-conscious admissions policies nationwide.The 7-to-1 decision avoided giving a direct answer about the constitutionality of the program, used by the University of Texas at Austin, that was before the court .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama, after a rocky year that leaves him at the lowest ebb of his presidency, is bringing into his White House circle the longtime Democratic strategist John D. Podesta, a former chief of staff for President Bill Clinton .Mr. Podesta, who has agreed to serve as counselor for a year, led Mr. Obama's presidential transition in 2008 and has been an outside adviser since then.
4	 MIDLAND CITY, Ala. — Many things hold little Southern towns together. There is a common love of the region, the peace that comes with a rural life and, often, prayer.In this town of,300 in the heart of peanut country, people drew on all of those as they endured what by Thursday night had stretched into an unimaginable situation.
2	  Five American Percussion Pieces  (Poon Village) is the first solo record by Mr. Winant, who may be one of the most wide-ranging musicians in North America . He's a percussionist who's worked with Sonic Youth, John Cage, Mr. Bungle, John Zorn, Lou Harrison, James Tenney, Wadada Leo Smith, Steve Reich and hundreds of names that would keep making a cumulative point about open-field maverick tendencies in the music of this country, whether it involves notes-on-paper composers, noise generators, rock improvisers, jazz-tradition players or whatever.
0	 The fallout from the latest episode in Johnny Manziel's dizzying, TMZ-chronicled off-season extended beyond his inner circle and beyond the campus of Texas A&M and into the offices of the N.C.A.A. That organization, which governs college sports, said nothing about Manziel on Monday, and yet its silence did little to dim the continued criticism lobbed in its direction.On Sunday night, ESPN, citing anonymous sources, reported the N.C.A.A. was investigating whether Manziel, last season's Heisman trophy winner, pocketed a  five-figure flat fee  to sign autographs at the Bowl Championship Series national title game in January in South Florida .The N.C.A.A.
3	 Honda, Toyota, Nissan and Mazda are recalling about.3 million vehicles worldwide because the passenger-side air bag could deploy with too much force, sending shards of metal into the passenger area, the automakers said Thursday.The recalls, announced in Tokyo, include about.7 million Toyotas, 1.1 million Hondas, 480,000 Nissans and,000 Mazdas. Almost.4 million of the vehicles are in the United States .Among the automakers, Honda has had the most serious, continuing problem with air bags . Before Thursday's action, Honda had already recalled almost two million vehicles since 2008 for an excessively powerful driver's air bag .
3	  DETROIT — Sergio Marchionne cemented his reputation as a master negotiator four years ago, when he persuaded the Obama administration to turn over control of Chrysler to his company, the Italian automaker Fiat.Since then, Mr. Marchionne has impressed the automotive world by resurrecting Chrysler from bankruptcy and driving it toward a merger with Fiat.But now those negotiating skills are being tested by the United Automobile Workers retiree health care trust — and his plans for a Fiat-Chrysler merger hang in the balance. Mr. Marchionne yielded to pressure from the U.A.W.
3	 Three Democratic lawmakers sent letters to 14 marketers of highly caffeinated energy drinks on Thursday requesting information about the products' ingredients and any company studies showing their risks and benefits to children and young people. In recent months, the Food and Drug Administration has begun examining the safety of energy drinks after reports of deaths and injuries potentially associated with the products. The number of annual emergency room visits involving the drinks doubled from 2007 to, according to a federal report released last week.
3	 It is becoming increasingly likely that Britain will have a referendum on whether to stay in the European Union . It is not just that Prime Minister David Cameron has promised to hold such a vote by, assuming he is re-elected. The drumbeats from the opposition Labour Party that it, too, would hold a plebiscite are becoming louder. Opinion polls shows that Britons would vote to quit.Of the many industries that would be hurt by such a  Brexit,  the City of London is the most prominent.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chief digital architect for the federal health insurance marketplace has told congressional investigators that he was not aware of tests that indicated potential security flaws in the system, which opened to the public on Oct. 1.The official, Henry Chao, made the statement Nov. 1 to investigators for the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, led by Representative Darrell Issa of California .Mr. Issa, a Republican and a fierce critic of the 2010 health care law, released excerpts from the interview late Monday . Mr.
2	 It was a few years back that Richard Curtis — the writer behind such artfully accented guilty pleasures as   Four Weddings and a Funeral   and  Notting Hill  — began to mull the Meaning of It All.The occasion was a meeting with an old friend in London, where a casual chat suddenly took a turn toward the profound. We were having a conversation about whether we were happy, and as he asked the question, I was surprised to find that I said, 'Not particularly,'   said Mr. Curtis, a still boyish.
2	 New York a hotbed of early music? No one would have said so 20 years ago (when some of us were saying the opposite ) or even 10 years ago . But a remarkable shift has occurred over the last decade or so, thanks to a web of interlocking factors, including the formation of a curriculum in historical performance at the Juilliard School, the exponential growth of the music program at Trinity Wall Street, the enterprise of groups like Tenet and the Sebastians and the work of the service organization Gotham Early Music Scene.
2	 His mounting unpaid bar tab at the Garter Inn will run to its,000th bottle of sherry. He will send off his 400th love letter to Windsor's merry wives. And, before his final comeuppance and joyful last laugh, he will hear his,400th chime at midnight in Windsor Park.
4	  Texas officials have declined to establish a state -based health insurance marketplace, a major provision of the federal Affordable Care Act . So private organizations are working to educate Texans about coverage options through the federal health insurance exchange, which opens on Oct. 1.Of the more than.3 million uninsured Texans — the state has the country's highest rate of uninsured residents — almost half will be eligible to buy insurance through the federal exchange, an online tool for coverage shopping.
0	  BALTIMORE — Scott Kazmir took a no-hitter into the seventh, and the Cleveland Indians scored two ninth-inning runs off Baltimore Orioles closer Jim Johnson to pull out a 4-3 victory Wednesday night .A leadoff double in the seventh by Manny Machado was the only hit allowed by Kazmir, who gave up one unearned run in seven innings. He came out to the mound for the eighth but left with an apparent injury before throwing a pitch. Baltimore promptly scored twice against Joe Smith (4-0) to take a 3-2 lead, but the Indians rallied against Johnson (2-6) in the ninth.
2	 Not always, but every now and then, the movies tell us what's on our minds almost before we know ourselves. After a summer of postapocalyptic films in which the earth became a labor camp or else was overrun by zombies, we now have, just in time for the holiday season, four exceptionally good movies that are concerned just with surviving. They're not about victory but about merely enduring, getting through some bad days and then some even worse ones, with a little help at the very end, perhaps, but mostly on your own.
3	 PARIS — Air traffic controllers in France have planned three days of strikes beginning Tuesday, to protest a proposal by the European Commission to accelerate the integration of air traffic management systems across the Continent. In addition, their counterparts in several other European countries were expected to take more limited labor action this week.
3	 DORKING, England — For more than a decade, Matthieu Elzinga ran his own vineyard in the western Loire Valley of France. But this year, just as he was gaining an international reputation for his dry and crisp Muscadets, Mr. Elzinga sold the vineyard and moved to an emerging wine region: the south of England.A successful French winemaker's leap to Britain may sound contrarian — traitorous even. But it may be no more striking than the fact that English sparkling wines have recently been beating Champagnes at international competitions .
4	 UNION CENTER, S.D. — The cattle lay in heaps of tangled hooves, collapsed against fences and submerged in creeks. Some had curled up behind hay bales, hiding from 70 mile-per-hour winds that scattered herds for miles, struck by hypothermia weeks before they were scheduled to go to market .In one of the worst blizzards to hit western South Dakota, ferocious winds and snow as deep as five feet killed tens of thousands of livestock and damaged the area's economy . More than a week later, many of the cows remain unburied.
3	 The case for looser monetary policy should be clear when the European Central Bank governing council convenes in Frankfurt on Thursday. The question is what tools to use: lower interest rates, spraying the banks with more cheap long-term money or the E.C.B.'s first dose of quantitative easing . The answer should be a mixture of all three.Mind you, there are enough inflation hawks inside the governing council that it is not certain it will even agree that more needs to be done. Some central bankers may argue monetary policy is already loose enough. After all, the E.C.B.'s main interest rate is.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama, seeking to regain his footing amid persistent questions over last September's attack in Benghazi, Libya, called on Congress on Thursday to take action to bolster security at American Embassies.Mr. Obama made his appeal during a midday news conference with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey . He also urged lawmakers to fully finance the State Department's budget request for diplomatic security .
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, easing fears of a marked deterioration in the labor market after a surprise stumble in job growth in March. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the Labor Department said on Thursday, unwinding a jump in the previous week that appeared related to difficulties adjusting the data for seasonal variations.It was the largest weekly drop since mid-November.
3	  Carlos Slim Helú's European expansion plans may be running into trouble.A Dutch foundation with the power to block the proposed.2 billion euro, or.5 billion, bid for the Dutch cellphone operator KPN by América Móvil, the Latin American telecommunications giant owned by Mr. Slim, has expressed concern about the deal.América Móvil announced last Friday that it was offering to buy the 70 percent of KPN that it did not own.
4	 A gunman opened fire at a hospital in Reno, Nev., on Tuesday, killing one person and wounding two others before killing himself, the police said.The gunman entered a building at the Center for Advanced Medicine at Renown Regional Medical Center, the largest medical facility in northern Nevada, around:05 p.m. and started shooting on the third floor, Deputy Chief Tom Robinson of the Reno Police Department said at a news conference .The gunman then died of a self-inflicted wound, he said.The two wounded victims were being treated for their injuries, he said.
4	 When Ralph Carrasco was considering adding a chimney to his new home in far east El Paso County's Montana Vista subdivision in November, he got some startling news from his builder, and it was not about the estimated price of the project. The area's giant utility monopoly was looking to set up shop less than a half-mile from his house. Toward the end of the conversation, he said, 'Hey, have you heard they're going to build a power plant ? Next to where you live?'   Mr. Carrasco said.  At the time, I didn't know anything.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Parliament passed a resolution on Thursday demanding that the free-trade pact now under discussion with the United States exempt   audiovisual   industries so that countries like France could shelter their movie businesses from foreign competition.The resolution, which also called for similar protections to be granted for online media, underlined the sensitivity in parts of Europe to the encroachment of American culture. It also represented a reality check for trade talks that in their early stages had generated enormous optimism but could still bog down in trans-Atlantic acrimony.
4	  WASHINGTON — Liz Cheney, the older daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, announced Tuesday that she intended to challenge Senator Michael B. Enzi of Wyoming in a Republican primary clash in next year that national and state party officials had hoped to avoid. I am running because I believe it is necessary for a new generation of leaders to step up to the plate,  Ms. Cheney, 46, said in a video posted on the Web .Ms. Cheney made no mention of Mr.
2	 After five years away from film and after ignoring five emails from the producers of   Dallas Buyers Club   (which opened Friday, Jared Leto was in Berlin when he finally decided to Skype with that film's director, Jean-Marc Vallée.  I was playing a show with,000 people in the audience,  said Mr. Leto, the frontman of the rock band 30 Seconds to Mars.  It's easy to say no to a film with that kind of a dream coming true in front of you. Mr.
3	 GENK, Belgium — Rumors of job cuts at the big Ford plant in this scruffy former coal mining town had been circulating for months. But on a clear morning a year ago, almost nobody in Genk expected what came next.Worker representatives, summoned to a meeting room inside the factory, started tapping out text messages even before Ford executives had finished reading a terse statement. Ford had decided to shut down Genk for good. The factory, which employed,300 people, would produce its last car at the end of.The battle of Genk had begun.
3	 LONDON — Europe, which led the world in creating a system of emission permits to combat greenhouse-gas emissions, dealt a potential death blow to that system on Tuesday.Focusing on immediate economic concerns over future environmental ones, the European Parliament narrowly rejected a proposal to cut the number of pollution permits. Fewer permits would have raised companies' costs to emit greenhouse gases, which scientists have linked to global warming .In voting down the changes, lawmakers seemed less worried about the global environmental implications than on holding down energy costs as Europe continues to emerge from a deep economic slump .
4	 KILLEEN, Tex. — Staff Sgt . Alonzo M. Lunsford Jr. usually worked in the back of the Soldier Readiness Processing Center, giving smallpox shots to deploying and returning troops at the Fort Hood Army base here. But on Nov. 5, 2009, he was standing at the counter at the building's entrance after 1 p.m., so that his colleagues could take a lunch break .A soldier whom Sergeant Lunsford recognized, Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, walked in front of him.
2	 Like many protagonists in Woody Allen 's movies, the title character in his new film,   Blue Jasmine,  sometimes speaks with a familiar stammer and exhibits a telltale existential dread. But beyond that, she could hardly be more different from her creator.Jasmine, a fallen New York socialite played by Cate Blanchett, is left emotionally brittle by the deceptions of her husband ( Alec Baldwin, a philanderer and a financial huckster. Having fled to San Francisco to start anew, she is oblivious to the calamities that have stripped her of her station.
0	  SALT LAKE CITY — Brawn battered brains on Saturday. Hope was swallowed by Arizona's size. There went Harvard, among the darlings of this N.C.A.A. tournament, a life powerhouse turned basketball underdog whose charmed appearance here ended on the wrong end of a blowout. Arizona dominated, with its swift guards and towering post players, who if they did not run by or around the Crimson, simply threw the ball inside for hardly contested layups.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Orders to American factories rose sharply in February from January on a surge in volatile demand for commercial aircraft . The gain offset a drop in important orders that signal business investment.The Commerce Department said on Tuesday that factory orders increased 3 percent in February. That is a turnaround from a 1 percent decline in January and the biggest gain in five months.The increase was mostly a result of a.1 percent surge in orders for commercial aircraft . Orders for motor vehicles and parts also increased.4 percent.
0	  A quarter-century ago, the N.C.A.A. announced unprecedented penalties for Southern Methodist University after it found that players had been paid from a slush fund, invoking the so-called death penalty by suspending the football program for the 1987 season.Amid the turmoil, David R. McCormack, an alumnus and a lawyer, sued the N.C.A.A. in federal court on behalf of Southern Methodist's graduates, its students, and several players and cheerleaders, accusing the N.C.A.A. of breaking federal antitrust laws . The class-action suit charged the N.C.A.A. with, among other things, imposing penalties unequally and without due process.
0	 The N.F.L. loves to trumpet its calendar, from Draft Day to Kickoff Weekend to Super Bowl Sunday. Then there is Black Monday, the day after the regular season ends, when a dozen teams prepare for the playoffs and some of the rest announce that they have fired their coaches or general managers or both.The league does not include the red-letter date on its schedule, and its origins are murky. But to N.F.L.
1	 Three and five are prime numbers — that is, they are divisible only by 1 and by themselves. So are 5 and. And 11 and. And for each of these pairs of prime numbers, the difference is.Mathematicians have long believed that there are an infinite number of such pairs, called twin primes, meaning that there will always be a larger pair than the largest one found. This supposition, the so-called Twin Prime Conjecture, is not necessarily obvious. As numbers get larger, prime numbers become sparser among vast expanses of divisible numbers.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — In one of the most harrowing spacewalks in decades, an astronaut had to rush back into the International Space Station on Tuesday after a mysterious water leak inside his helmet robbed him of the ability to speak or hear at times and could have caused him to choke or even drown.Italian Luca Parmitano was reported to be fine after the dangerous episode, which might have been caused by an unprecedented leak in the cooling system of his suit. His spacewalking partner, American Christopher Cassidy, had to help him head inside after NASA quickly aborted the spacewalk.
0	 LONDON — It is becoming as familiar as the summer solstice: Spain's finest dozen players play another grand finale — this time against Brazilians in Rio de Janeiro — while the rest of the Iberian nation questions how much longer the clubs can be allowed to pile up public debt before everything collapses in insolvency .Right now, Xavi and Andrés Iniesta of Barcelona and Iker Casillas and Sergio Ramos of Real Madrid combine the talents of the big two clubs on the Spanish national side to show the world how soccer should be played.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Weeks after a fight over the Sacramento Kings basketball team ended with promises of a new arena and a decision to stay in town, a tussle over another ball club is roiling professional sports in California - this time involving baseball .In an action that highlights the big dollars at stake when teams move to a new community, the city of San Jose sued Major League Baseball on Tuesday, alleging it was holding up a proposed relocation by the Oakland Athletics .
3	 During and after the Great Recession, developed economies tended to fare worse than emerging ones, and that was shown in the amount of business going to manufacturers and service companies in various countries around the globe. But in the last few months, that tide has turned. Companies in developed countries are more likely to be reporting growing business than are companies in emerging markets .
3	  Time Warner Cable's spending spree for the rights to carry the Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Dodgers has altered the Southern California sports market . The Lakers have already left one of Fox Sports' regional sports networks . The Dodgers will leave a different one after the season. The result: new regional channels featuring the teams that will add to the bills of local cable, satellite and telephone subscribers .Those rising costs prompted four consumers to file a class-action lawsuit Tuesday in Los Angeles Superior Court against the teams and Time Warner Cable .
4	  WASHINGTON — Women will be permitted to serve in the most intense and physically hazardous combat positions in the military, including the Navy SEALs, the Army Rangers and the Marine infantry, senior defense officials said Monday. Leaders of each service branch are expected to make public at the Pentagon on Tuesday their plans for how they will integrate women into the units without reducing rigorous standards.Although Leon E.
4	 Files released by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee on Monday reveal that in, Cardinal Timothy F. Dolan, then the archbishop there, requested permission from the Vatican to move nearly $57 million into a cemetery trust fund to protect the assets from victims of clergy sexual abuse who were demanding compensation. Cardinal Dolan, now the archbishop of New York, has emphatically denied seeking to shield church funds as the archbishop of Milwaukee from 2002 to. He reiterated in a statement Monday that these were  old and discredited attacks .
1	  LOS ANGELES — A strange glow in space has provided fresh evidence that all the gold on Earth was forged from ancient collisions of dead stars, researchers reported Wednesday.Astronomers have long known that fusion reactions in the cores of stars create lighter elements such as carbon and oxygen, but such reactions can't produce heavier elements like gold.Instead, it was long thought that gold was created in a type of stellar explosion known as a supernova. But that doesn't fully explain the amount of the precious metal in the solar system.
3	 The European Parliament on Tuesday approved a rescue plan for the European Union's system for trading carbon - emission credits. The lawmakers hope to revive prices for carbon credits, which have been so low that the system is creating few incentives for smokestack industries to cut back on their emissions of greenhouse gases .Although many experts see the plan as little more than a stopgap action,  today was extremely important to get the first emergency measures started,  said Marcus Ferdinand, an analyst at Thomson Reuters Point Carbon, a market research firm in Oslo.
3	  WASHINGTON — Employers can require their workers to sign arbitration agreements waiving all rights to class-action lawsuits over workplace grievances, a federal appeals court ruled on Tuesday.The ruling from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit overturns a National Labor Relations Board decision last year that found such agreements conflicted with federal law giving workers the right to pursue collective action to complain about workplace conditions.The court's ruling is a win for businesses that want to limit legal exposure from the rising cost of class-action lawsuits over unpaid overtime and other wage violations .
3	 THE Advertising Council and Connect2Compete, a nonprofit group whose goal is to eliminate the digital divide in the United States, are introducing a public service campaign to help those who are not digitally literate find free training to obtain these skills.In remarks prepared for a speech in Washington last month about Connect2Compete's efforts, the Federal Communications Commission chairman, Julius Genachowski, said approximately one in three Americans, or 100 million people, still do not have broadband in their homes, with low-income Americans and minorities  disproportionately on the wrong side of the digital divide.
3	  DETROIT – Chrysler Group said Monday that its net income fell 65 percent in the first quarter, to $166 million, as the automaker spent heavily to prepare for new product introductions.Chrysler, the smallest of Detroit's three auto companies, said revenue dropped 6 percent in the quarter, to.4 billion despite an 8 percent increase in new vehicle sales. The weaker results indicated that Chrysler is still solidifying its comeback from a government bailout and bankruptcy in.But the company's chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, reaffirmed earlier forecasts that Chrysler would earn.2 billion for the full year on revenue of $72 billion or higher.
2	 Location, location, location, they say in real estate, but timing is important too. And the timing of the house hunters in Destination America's new real-estate show,  Buying the Bayou,  couldn't be worse. They are settling into their freshly purchased waterside getaways just as mutant alligators are marching out of the swamp with blue tongues, spike-shooting tails and really bad tempers.
3	  DETROIT — A few years ago, American automakers cut tens of thousands of jobs and shut dozens of factories simply to survive.But since the recession ended and General Motors and Chrysler began to recover with the help of hefty government bailouts and bankruptcy filings, all three Detroit car companies including Ford Motor Company have achieved one of the unlikeliest comebacks among industries devastated during the financial crisis .Now steadily rising auto sales and two- tier wage concessions from labor have spurred a wave of new manufacturing investments and hiring by the three Detroit automakers in the United States .
3	 PARIS — Mourad Benamer remembers the day his parents first visited the sleek new sushi restaurant he had just opened near the Champs-Élysées . Against all odds, Mr. Benamer had broken out of the rough suburb, or banlieue, where he grew up in a family of poor Moroccan immigrants just northeast of Paris, and hit on a formula that would soon turn into a business success beyond his dreams. We came from a place where there was injustice and a lack of opportunity,  Mr. Benamer, 36, recalled of his banlieue, Bondy.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans on Wednesday blocked the confirmation of Caitlin J. Halligan, a prominent New York lawyer, to become a federal appeals court judge in the District of Columbia, the second time in two years Republicans have filibustered her nomination.The Senate, in a 51-to-41 vote, fell well short of the 60-vote threshold needed to cut off debate and bring Ms. Halligan's nomination to a vote. The largely party-line vote, with only Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, joining with Democrats in favor of ending debate, was reminiscent of the previous filibuster of Ms.
4	  LOS ANGELES — With no end in sight to the federal government shutdown, governors across the nation are struggling with a cascade of tough decisions about when and whether to step in with state money to keep shuttered parks and programs operating until the deadlock is resolved.Here in California, Gov . Jerry Brown, a Democrat, said the state, which is recovering from a steep economic decline, would not intervene to keep its vast network of national parks, like Yosemite, open to the public until the federal shutdown ended.But in South Dakota, Gov .
3	  WASHINGTON — Containers of goods idling at ports . Reduced sales at sandwich shops in downtown Washington . Canceled vacations to national parks and to destinations abroad. Reduced corporate earnings forecasts . Higher interest payments on short-term debt .Even with the shutdown of the United States government and the threat of a default coming to an end, the cost of Congress's gridlock has already run well into the billions, economists estimate . And the total will continue to grow even after the shutdown ends, partly because of uncertainty about whether lawmakers might reach another deadlock early next year.
3	  BRUSSELS — The proportion of women taking positions on corporate boards in the European Union is rising at the fastest pace in a decade as a push for laws on gender balance gains momentum, the bloc's top justice official said Thursday. The proof is in the pudding: regulatory pressure works,  Viviane Reding, the E.U. justice commissioner, said in a statement to the International Herald Tribune on the eve of her participation in a panel on the role of women in economic decision-making at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a detailed legal attack on the National Security Agency 's collection of Americans' phone call data, the American Civil Liberties Union argued in court papers filed Monday that the sweeping data gathering violates the Constitution and should be halted.The A.C.L.U. cited the writings of George Orwell and the comprehensive East German surveillance portrayed in the film  The Lives of Others  in warning of the dangers of large-scale government intrusion into private lives . The new motion, elaborating on the A.C.L.U.'s arguments against the data collection, came in a federal lawsuit challenging the N.S.A.
3	 SHORTLY before Ben S. Bernanke was nominated as chairman of the Federal Reserve in, he paid a return visit to Stanford, where he started his academic career in. In a speech, he recalled that he and his wife, Anna, had rented a house with friends because he was certain that local real estate prices would fall. Instead, prices in the Bay Area doubled, then doubled again. Since then,  Mr. Bernanke told his audience,  I've developed a view that central bankers should not try to determine fundamental values of assets. Indeed, Mr.
3	 SYDNEY, Australia — More than seven months have passed since Australia imposed one of the world's toughest laws for tobacco warning labels, swapping iconic packaging for graphic images of mouth ulcers, cancerous lungs and gangrenous limbs.And though experts say it is too soon to know what impact the law has had on tobacco use, one thing is certain: Smokers think the cigarettes taste off. Complaints started to roll in about the flavor of cigarettes almost immediately after the law went into effect on Dec. 1. That could mean a lot for health advocates' efforts to prevent smoking.
2	 Back when networks reigned supreme, cable television was the place to go for sex and violence . Now it's also a safe house for pessimism, an alternate universe where problems fester or deepen, friends let one another down, and love doesn't conquer anything.And that's particularly hard for American comedy, which is addicted to redemption and happy endings, so much so that one of the better network sitcoms on ABC at the moment is actually called  Happy Endings.  (That title may suggest to some a salacious double entendre, but the episodes do close on a warm, cheery note.
0	 (Reuters) - A tired Rafa Nadal is ready to give his all for Spain in this weekend's Davis Cup playoff against Ukraine after a draining U.S. Open brought him his 13th grand slam title .With his country's elite World Group status in the balance, Nadal is ready to put his aching limbs on the line just days after beating world number one Novak Djokovic at Flushing Meadows to win his second major of the year.
3	 LONDON — A labor action that began Monday at the huge Grangemouth refinery and petrochemical complex in Scotland could threaten the future of the unprofitable plant, analysts said.The so-called limited industrial action by members of Unite, a trade union, consists of measures like a refusal to work overtime. Unite began the action to protest what it calls unfair treatment of a longtime union representative.Grangemouth, located on the Firth of Forth, is owned by Ineos, a Swiss company that acquired the plant from BP in 2005 as part of a $9 billion deal.
2	 A neat split in the popular-music audience goes down this week. Over here, the young cool of the New York area; over there, the more, uh, seasoned version. Bob Dylan's  AmericanaramA  tour is so much the summation and apotheosis of dad-rock that no experience of dad-rock may ever match it. The tour, which includes Wilco, Beck and My Morning Jacket, visits Pier A Park in Hoboken, N.J., on Friday, and the Nikon at Jones Beach Theater on Long Island on Saturday. (5:30 p.m., bobdylan.com; $75.50 in Hoboken, $65 and up at Jones Beach.)
4	 A crowd of thousands gathered downtown to mark the first 4/20 counterculture holiday since Colorado legalized marijuana. DENVER (AP) — Gunfire erupted at a Denver pot celebration Saturday, injuring two people and scattering a crowd of thousands who had gathered for the first 4/20 counterculture holiday since the state legalized marijuana.The man and woman who were shot were expected to survive, and police were looking for one or two suspects, said Denver Police spokesman Sonny Jackson. Police asked festival attendees for possible photo or video of the shootings, and had no immediate motive.
4	 Overcoming years of resistance, Rhode Island on Thursday became the 10th state in the country and the last in New England to approve same-sex marriage . The measure passed a final vote in the legislature in the afternoon. Just before 7 p.m., Gov . Lincoln Chafee, an independent who had long advocated for its passage, signed it into law in a jubilant ceremony on the steps of the Statehouse in Providence, where hundreds of people, including many state and local officials, joined the celebration. I know that you have been waiting for this day to come,  Mr.
4	 WAYNE, Pa. — With the television in her pizzeria showing an endless loop of the Boston manhunt on Friday, Bessie Kontis glanced up at scenes of the quasi- military lockdown and shuddered. After something like that happens, they should stop all visas, for crying out loud,  said Ms. Kontis, 58, who owns New Wayne Pizza with her husband, Alex.  It's insane. It just angers me. Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — The extraordinary zeal of the Tea Party has been a signature development during Barack Obama's presidency — with dangers for both Republicans and Democrats .Its white-hot opposition to Mr. Obama, seen first in lawmakers' town hall meetings and then in the 2010 midterm election campaign, helped cost Democrats control of the House. It could yet help Republicans hold their majority in.The downside for Republican leaders occurs when that political energy propels the party to places that make it harder to win general elections and to govern.
0	 DURHAM, N.C. — Jabari Parker scored 23 points and No. 9 Duke beat Eastern Michigan 82-59 on Saturday.Andre Dawkins added 20 points with a season-high six 3-pointers as a late replacement for an ill Rodney Hood in the starting lineup .Rasheed Sulaimon added 13 points and came up with the key hustle play during the decisive second-half run that helped the Blue Devils (10-2) polish off their fourth straight win .
0	 (Reuters) - The New England Patriots secured a playoff spot and captured their fifth straight AFC East title when the Miami Dolphins lost to the Buffalo Bills 19-0 on Sunday.New England (10-4) was playing the Baltimore Ravens later Sunday but clinched the division before taking the field when the Dolphins (8-7) lost.Dan Carpenter kicked four field goals and Fred Jackson scored on a nine- yard run to lift the Bills (6-9) to the triumph at Ralph Wilson Stadium in Buffalo .New England concludes its regular season next week against the Bills in Foxborough, Massachusetts .
0	 LONDON — Striker Daniel Sturridge will miss Sunday's friendly in Brazil after suffering an ankle injury in Wednesday's 1-1 draw with Ireland.The Liverpool forward, who created Frank Lampard's equaliser, was carried off on a stretcher in the first half at Wembley with what England manager Roy Hodgson thought was ligament damage. He's not going to Brazil,  Hodgson told reporters .  He had a good start and we were sad to lose him. He hadn't played for a while and was carrying a slight injury. I fear it will keep him out for a few weeks.
2	 It was an audacious act of Gilded Age New York. Jeannette Thurber, a wealthy patron trying to create not just a new American music school but, more broadly, a new American school of music, decided in 1891 to hire one of the greatest composers of the day: Antonin Dvorak.She offered him,000 a year — more than 25 times what he made at home in Prague — and promised him summers off. In exchange, she made him promise to work regular hours six days a week at her school, instruct  the most talented pupils only  and conduct concerts.
2	  DETROIT — On the lawn outside Motown Records' former headquarters here, a historical marker honors the pivotal role that the song   Money (That's What I Want)  played in building the Motown empire. With its hypnotic piano riff and unabashedly materialistic refrain,   Money,  recorded in, was the first national success for the label that came to be known as  Hitsville U.S.A.,  giving the fledgling company credibility and a vital infusion of cash.Over the years,   Money   has generated millions of dollars in publishing royalties .
3	 TAIPEI, Taiwan — China Mobile, the world's largest mobile phone carrier, said Wednesday that it was still in talks with Apple to sell iPhones, amid mounting industry speculation that the pair were about to announce a deal that could net Apple hundreds of millions of new customers .Xi Guohua, the chairman of China Mobile, said Wednesday that his company had no announcement to make on any deal to carry Apple's smartphones . Mr. Xi was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Guangzhou, a city in southern China .
3	 THE state of the economy is far from ideal, but some very definite positives are brewing. It's not just that we are continuing to recover from a deep recession ; we are also seeing signs that America's long-term future may be looking up, too.The case for optimism is hardly open-and-shut. The economy's problems include high unemployment, mediocre productivity gains and stagnant or slow-growing earnings for most income classes.
2	 On his latest release,  Mala,  the hippie-redux singer-songwriter Devendra Banhart can still be as loopy as he was on his first albums a decade ago . He calls himself a  low-bottom bottle-fed baby  and sings about a nun who quits an abbey to work as a V.J. (For those who don't recall when MTV played videos, that abbreviation stands for  videodisc jockey . ) Reflecting his mother's Venezuelan background and his time spent there as a child, Mr. Banhart croons two songs in Spanish.Yet other trademarks of his previous work are absent.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.04 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.07 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.02 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKLincoln, Neb., $71.1 million of electric system revenue and refinancing bonds . Bank of America .
0	 The 50th anniversary of Jack Nicklaus's first Masters victory has been a much discussed milestone ahead of this year's tournament at Augusta National Golf Club . But there is another significant anniversary this year.Sixty years ago, Ben Hogan won all five official PGA Tour events he entered, including all three of the Grand Slam tournaments .In the aftermath of the horrific automobile crash in February 1949 that almost took his life, Hogan was not expected to walk, but when he did, he was not expected to play golf and certainly not compete at the very highest level .
1	 Care to comment on a Popular Science article — say,   These Magnetic Nanobots Could Carry Drugs Into Your Brain   or   FYI: Do Animals Have Orgasms?  That's not possible — not anymore. Last week, the magazine, known for a chatty, pop-culture approach to serious science, announced that it was shutting off online comments.  Comments,  an editor wrote in an online post,  can be bad for science. The magazine said that vicious, insulting or ignorant comments can pollute otherwise intelligent online discussions and undermine public understanding and appreciation of science itself.
0	 GSTAAD, Switzerland — A day after Roger Federer lost at the Swiss Open citing back pains, Stanislas Wawrinka retired from his quarterfinal match Friday with the same injury.The second-seeded Wawrinka stopped after a medical timeout more than 2 hours into his match with Feliciano Lopez, who was leading, 2-6, 4-3.The 10th-ranked Wawrinka has won only five matches — all against players outside the top 50 — in seven visits since reaching the 2005 final of his home tournament.The fifth-seeded Lopez will face Robin Haase of the Netherlands in the clay-court tournament on Saturday.
0	  FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Tim Tebow walked off the practice field with no reporters blocking his path to the locker room . Finally, a few strolled up for a 90-second interview then moved on to longer chats with other Patriots .The media circus that surrounded him last season is gone.Ten weeks into what could be his last shot at staying in the NFL, Tebow seems to be on the roster bubble . He is simply trying to make the team now, but has played poorly in two exhibition games.His passer rating was.
0	 Five former Kansas City Chiefs sued the team Tuesday for not warning them of the long-term dangers of concussions they say they received during their playing days.The suit, filed in circuit court in Jackson County, Mo., is one of the first concussion-related cases against a specific N.F.L. team, and may lead to other suits.The case against the Chiefs echoes the suits brought by thousands of N.F.L. retirees, who accused the league of negligence and fraud and sought actual and punitive damages .In August, the N.F.L.
3	  WASHINGTON — Any hope that Boeing 's 787s would be flying in the near future faded Thursday after federal investigators said they were still far from finding out what had caused a battery fire in a plane in Boston earlier this month — one of two battery -related incidents that led to the plane's grounding by regulators worldwide. The National Transportation Safety Board's chairwoman, Deborah A. P. Hersman, said that the lithium-ion battery that caught fire in a parked 787 at Logan International Airport showed signs of short-circuiting and of a  thermal runaway.
0	 BETHESDA, Md. — Roberto Castro went from a share of the lead to five shots behind in three holes. He finished the third round of the AT&T National by hitting a 5-iron left of the 18th green and into the water. And he still managed to be part of a four-way tie for the lead.Not just for Castro. It was like that for just about everyone Saturday at Congressional .Bill Haas hit a wedge into the water and made triple bogey on the 11th hole to fall five shots behind.
2	  Are we still shaking?  the choreographer Bill T. Jones asked, extending a hand to Dr. Oliver Sacks, the writer and neurologist. Then he chuckled and instead went in for a hug, parting ways with him after tea at Dr. Sacks's Greenwich Village apartment.The embrace that March afternoon seemed symbolic of a larger institutional one from New York Live Arts, the Chelsea theater best known for presenting experimental dance and where Mr. Jones, 61, is the executive artistic director .
1	 A new computer algorithm can subtly modify the image of a person's face to make it easier or harder to remember.The formula was developed by researchers at M.I.T. who presented volunteers with thousands of images of faces and evaluated their ability to remember those faces. Each picture was given a score, based on how memorable it was.When given a face to modify, the algorithm generates thousands of copies of it and then modifies each one subtly, refining it further as it goes along.
4	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — A German immigrant who spent decades posing as an heir to the fabled Rockefeller oil fortune and using other identities was found guilty Wednesday of first- degree murder in the death of a man whose bones were found buried nearly 20 years ago at a suburban home.Christian Gerhartsreiter, 52, was convicted in the heavily circumstantial case that went to trial 28 years after the disappearance of newlyweds John and Linda Sohus.Much of the prosecution's evidence focused on the strange behavior of the man who went by many names, including Clark Rockefeller.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Astronauts removed an old space station pump Saturday, sailing through the first of a series of urgent repair spacewalks to revive a crippled cooling line.The two Americans on the crew, Rick Mastracchio and Michael Hopkins, successfully pulled out the ammonia pump with a bad valve __ well ahead of schedule . That task had been planned for the next spacewalk, originally scheduled for Monday but now delayed until Tuesday, Christmas Eve, because of the need for a suit swap.
1	 Archaeologists excavating a trash pit at the Jamestown colony site in Virginia have found the first physical evidence of cannibalism among the desperate population, corroborating written accounts left behind by witnesses. Cut marks on the skull and skeleton of a 14-year-old girl show that her flesh and brain were removed, presumably to be eaten by the starving colonists during the harsh winter of.The remains were excavated by archaeologists led by William Kelso of Preservation Virginia, a private nonprofit group, and analyzed by Douglas Owsley, a physical anthropologist at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington .
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — The head of NASA says federal spending cuts could eventually slow progress on commercial efforts to fly to space.NASA Administrator Charles Bolden sounded the warning Thursday two days after SpaceX's Dragon capsule returned from a supply run to the International Space Station with a splashdown in the Pacific.Bolden says there's no significant impact to the commercial space program this fiscal year, but automatic budget cuts could affect how much the space agency can dole out to private companies down the road.
2	 Go big or go home. Every aspiring movie star knows that mantra, but Will Poulter seems to have taken it literally.Yep, in  We're the Millers,  a road-trip comedy that arrives in theaters on Aug. 7, he is the one with the obscenely swollen testicle.Mr. Poulter, 20, does not seem like a risk taker. Exceedingly polite and a little shy, he kept calling a reporter  sir  in an interview. But not every young actor — even one eager to get noticed amid the robots, superheroes and zombies of summer — would take on  We're the Millers.
2	  BEIJING — If you think documentary filmmaking in the United States is a vocation for masochists with empty bank accounts, consider the challenges Chinese directors face: detention, beatings and censorship. Directors willing to play by the government's strict rules can see their films screened on Chinese television or at a small number of officially sanctioned  independent  film festivals . Others can walk away with generous state support.Then there are those trying to carve out a middle ground between the well-financed collaborationists and the embattled nonconformists.
4	  State officials across the South are aggressively moving ahead with new laws requiring voters to show photo identification at the polls after the Supreme Court decision striking down a portion of the Voting Rights Act .The Republicans who control state legislatures throughout the region say such laws are needed to prevent voter fraud .
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Claire McCaskill, a Missouri Democrat and one of Barack Obama's first backers in the Senate in his bitter presidential primary fight against Hillary Rodham Clinton, threw her support on Tuesday to the political action committee pressing Mrs. Clinton to run for president. In, I was an early supporter of then- Senator Obama's campaign,  Ms. McCaskill said in a statement on the Ready for Hillary Web site .  I worked my heart out to elect him president.
3	  WASHINGTON — The economy grew at a modest.4 percent annual rate from January through March, slightly slower than initially estimated . Consumer spending was stronger than first thought, but businesses restocked more slowly, and state and local government spending cuts were deeper.The Commerce Department said on Thursday that economic growth in the first quarter was only marginally below the.5 percent annual rate the government had estimated last month. The rate is still much faster than the.4 percent growth during the October-December quarter.
3	  HOUSTON — The ailing American coal industry, which has pinned its hopes on exports to counter a declining market at home, is scaling back its ambitions as demand from abroad starts to ebb as well.Just south of here, New Elk Coal terminated its lease late last month at the Port of Corpus Christi, where it had hoped to export coal to Brazil, Europe and Asia .
2	 Maybe it was the placement on a coke-fueled episode of  Girls,  or as the theme song to the MTV reality show  Snooki & Jwoww,  but the music of Icona Pop has always seemed fit for a neon-tinged night out. Since they broke onto the charts last year with the soundtrack-ready single  I Love It  (co-written by and featuring the British singer Charli XCX) the Swedish duo has made its name on synthy dance pop with hedonistic lyrics and imagery.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — The defense in the court-martial of Pfc. Bradley Manning rested its case Wednesday with a Harvard law professor testifying that WikiLeaks performed a legitimate journalistic function when Private Manning gave it vast archives of secret government files.The professor, Yochai Benkler, who wrote a widely cited academic article about WikiLeaks and the evolution of watchdog journalism in the Internet era, testified that at the time of Private Manning's leaks the group had established itself as playing a reputable and valuable journalistic role by publishing documents about corporate misconduct and government corruption around the world.
0	  SAN DIEGO — Manti Te'o is just one of the guys.He's confident he can be a three-down linebacker in the NFL .It takes some serious leverage to play against tight end Antonio Gates.Being drafted by the San Diego Chargers has put the former Notre Dame star in a  perfect place  because of the support from those in the organization.Oh, and Te'o and some friends  just chilled and had a good time  last month in Hollywood at a party hosted by Maxim magazine, which included Te'o's fake girlfriend on its list of the world's 100 hottest women.
4	  WASHINGTON — Naval police in Rhode Island did not alert superiors in Washington to evidence pointing to the mental instability of the former Navy reservist who the police say killed 12 people at a Washington Navy base, Pentagon officials said.The police in Rhode Island who interviewed the man, Aaron Alexis, on Aug. 7 were concerned enough by his claims to be hearing voices sent by a  microwave machine  that they faxed their report to the naval police in Newport, where Mr. Alexis was working temporarily as a contractor.
3	  HOUSTON — Domestic oil production will continue to soar for years to come, the Energy Department predicted on Monday, scaling to levels not seen in nearly half a century by.The annual outlook by the department's Energy Information Administration was cited by experts as confirmation that the United States was well on its way — far faster than anticipated even a year ago — to achieving virtual energy independence .
3	 The company said Thursday that it had a net loss of $193 million in the third quarter, a substantial reduction from the $652 million the company lost in the same period last year. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization — or Ebitda, a metric followed closely in the steel industry — increased by 19 percent to.7 billion, and steel shipments rose 6 percent, although revenue declined slightly to.6 billion. It's a better-than-expected result, and I think the market will find it very encouraging,  said Jeff Largey, an analyst at Macquarie in London, he said by email.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — After dropping in March, retail sales unexpectedly eked out a.1 percent gain in April, pointing to underlying strength in the economy and leading forecasters to raise estimates of second-quarter growth .The gain in retail sales, which account for about 30 percent of consumer spending, was the latest sign of resilience in an economy that has been hit by belt-tightening in Washington as the government tries to cut the budget deficit . It's more indication that our economy is growing,  said Thomas Hall, an economics professor at Miami University's Farmer School of Business in Oxford, Ohio .
3	 Shareholders in Telecom Italia on Friday voted against a proposal to remove its board in a battle over the company's future . But a sizable percentage of votes supported the dissidents' plan.Minority investors had tried to oust the directors as part of efforts to reduce the influence of the Spanish giant Telefónica, which has recently increased its stake in a holding company that owns around 22 percent of Telecom Italia .The dissident shareholders, many of whom are financial and retail investors, had tried to show that the strategy proposed by Telecom Italia's board favored Telefónica's interests over theirs.
3	 GUIDONIA, Italy — Emanuele Tedeschi wiped  sawdust from his hands and gestured around the cavernous woodworking factory that has been in his family for two  generations. The big machines, which used to run overtime carving  custom furnishings for private homes, Roman palazzi  and even the  Vatican,  sat idle on a shop floor nearly devoid of workers.''A year and a half ago, the noise from production was so loud that  you had to shout to be heard,'' said Mr. Tedeschi, walking amid  pallets of cherry and other fine woods stacked up and waiting for a purpose.
0	  DETROIT — Coco Crisp and Daric Barton each drove in two runs, and the Oakland Athletics beat Miguel Cabrera and the Detroit Tigers 8-6 on Monday night .Cabrera hit his 43rd homer, bolstering his pursuit of another Triple Crown, but Barton had a tiebreaking RBI single in Oakland's two-run sixth inning . Crisp also had a solo homer during his three-hit performance.A.J. Griffin (11-9) earned his first win since July 29 despite allowing four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings. The right-hander was 0-2 with a.47 ERA in his previous four starts.
0	 There could hardly have been a less opportune time for the Nets, a team still trying to find itself and forge a unified identity, to encounter the Indiana Pacers, a club so obviously comfortable in its own tough skin.Displaying a menacing self-assuredness, the Pacers marched into sold-out Barclays Center on Saturday to dispatch the still-hesitant Nets, 96-91. It was a taut game at times, but gaffes and timid spells materialized far too often for the Nets, who watched their record fall to 2-4 as they took their first loss at home.
3	 The European Automobile Manufacturers' Association reported this week that new- car registrations in the European Union were down 6 percent in June compared with those in the month a year earlier and were running at their slowest pace since.Even in Germany, whose economy has been stronger than those of most of its European brethren, sales were the lowest for any June since the country was unified in.The lone bright spot was Britain, where June sales were up 13 percent from a year earlier.
3	  SELL IN MAY,  the stock-market adage, would have served municipal bond investors well this year. Those who stayed in the market faced sharp losses.For example, the $34 billion Vanguard Intermediate Term Tax Exempt fund, the biggest muni bond fund, lost more than 5 percent from May through August. And the largest exchange -traded tax-exempt fund, the $3 billion iShares National A.M.T.-Free Muni Bond fund, lost.3 percent in the same period.Much of the fixed-income world has been smarting from the blow of sharply rising long-term rates ever since Ben S.
4	  WASHINGTON — Speaking to longshoremen, local politicians and health care activists last week in Houston, Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr . variously quoted his grandfather Ambrose Finnegan, his father, Joe Sr., and the poet William Butler Yeats.  Joey,  he recalled his grandfather hollering,  keep the faith! Mr. Biden can certainly talk, and he is talking a lot these days. As discouraged Democrats face the debacle over the Affordable Care Act and worries about the midterm elections next year, Mr.
2	 Early in May, a few hundred people received hush-hush invitations to the Signature Theater in Midtown. They arrived for a staged reading, a spartan workshop production assembled in under 29 hours of rehearsal as a preview for potential backers and other interested parties .On a crowded stage, with scripts in hand, cast members played out a story set in an English town whose shipbuilding industry was in its last throes.
4	  WASHINGTON — Robert S. Mueller III was awakened at home close to:30 a.m. on April 19 as one suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing was in cardiac arrest and the other was on the run.By 3 a.m., after an F.B.I. agent had used a fingerprint scanner on the dying suspect, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, in a hospital emergency room to learn his identity, Mr. Mueller, the F.B.I. director, had arrived in a suit and tie at his agency's headquarters in downtown Washington .His agents gave him the bad news : two years earlier, the F.B.I.
2	 The poetically named Shantala Shivalingappa was born in India, but raised in Paris, where she trained in Kuchipudi, a South Indian classical dance style, with her mother, the well-known dancer and choreographer Savitry Nair. Ms. Shivalingappa, who will perform at Jacob's Pillow this week, is generally acknowledged as one of the greatest current practitioners of Kuchipudi's flowing lines, percussive footwork and dramatic narratives.But she hasn't had a conventional career. Her onstage magnetism, musicality and vividly expressive power have made her a more cross-disciplinary figure than most Indian dancers.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Justin Williams figures he gets his knack for Game 7 heroics from the same source as the Los Angeles Kings' resilience throughout their grinding seven-game victory over the San Jose Sharks . Williams thinks the Kings all drew their inspiration from that Stanley Cup championship banner hanging over the Staples Center ice, and it carried them through to the Western Conference finals . It comes from the hunger of winning one and having that drive for another one,  Williams said.  You don't want anyone else to raise the Cup but you.
1	 Allosaurus, a smaller cousin of Tyrannosaurus rex, was a dexterous hunter that tugged at prey like a modern-day falcon, showing far more sophisticated table manners than T. rex, researchers are reporting. While T. rex was like an angry gorilla with an ice pick, Allosaurus was like a surgeon with a scalpel,  said Eric Snively, a mechanical engineer at Ohio University and an author of a new study on the smaller dinosaur, published in the journal Palaeontologia Electronica. The study was based on 150- million -year-old bones.
3	 XIZHOU, China — Brian Linden welcomed the guests to his boutique hotel in one of its courtyards at the end of a cobblestone alley here, surrounded by old stone walls and polished wood balconies.He invited the group, from Greenwich, Conn., to peruse the hotel's book collection, which he created years ago as a doctoral candidate in Sinology at Stanford University . And if any of you are light sleepers, what I recommend is, turn on the fan for some white noise,  Mr. Linden said.  Because there's no white noise here at all.
2	 It is a notoriously difficult song to sing, a musical high-wire act, with an octave-and-a-half range and a devilishly spaced melody. You usually sing it a cappella in a stadium where the echo hits your ear a half-beat behind the melody, and the lyrics are so familiar and fraught with meaning that every fan in the stands can hear the slightest mistake or botched note.
3	  TOKYO — As a small boy, Teruaki Kawai watched wide-eyed as American DC-3s took off and landed at a small airport across an inlet from his home on the Hiroshima coast.Japan's golden era of aviation, which culminated with the feared and respected Mitsubishi Zero fighter planes, had ended a decade earlier along with World War II . Banned from making planes by American occupiers after the war, then allowed only to make parts for American military jets, Japan's aircraft industry was a shadow of its former self.If all goes well this year, Mr.
2	 Paris was yesterday. So were the soulful ballads that come out of Dale Turner's sax in   'Round Midnight,  Bertrand Tavernier's 1986 tribute to black expatriate jazz musicians in 1950s Paris — a melancholy slow jam of a film . Its story of a worshipful young Frenchman ( François Cluzet, who watches over the alcoholic Dale, could easily be cloying, and sometimes is. But Mr. Tavernier knew what he was doing when he cast the real-life sax man Dexter Gordon as Dale.
3	 TIANJIN, China — In northern China, near the Mongolian border, radioactively contaminated leaks from two decades of rare earth refining have been slowly trickling underground toward the Yellow River, a crucial water source for 150 million people.In Jiangxi province in south-central China, the national government has seized control of rare earth mining districts from provincial officials after finding widespread illegal strip-mining of rare earth metals.And in Guangdong province in southeastern China, regulators are struggling to repair rice fields and streams destroyed by powerful acids and other runoff from open-pit rare earth mines that are often run by violent organized crime syndicates.
1	 The year was, and computers and robots were still largely the stuff of science fiction . Only a few farsighted thinkers imagined that they would one day become central to civilization, with consequences both liberating and potentially dire.One of those visionaries was Norbert Wiener, an American mathematician at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . In 1948 he had published  Cybernetics,  a landmark theoretical work that both foreshadowed and influenced the arrival of computing, robotics and automation .
2	 SIMI VALLEY, Calif. — Demian Bichir was filming a movie in the south of France when he was offered the lead role on a new television thriller,  The Bridge,  now filming here. He decided to run it past his colleagues, including his co-star Jude Law.  That's when I found how great it was,  said Mr. Bichir, the actor perhaps best known for his work on  Weeds.   They told me: 'Are you kidding? It's fantastic.'  What Mr.
2	 LONDON — In a scene close to the end of the 2011 superhero film  Thor,  the two central characters confront each other. They are brothers, although Loki, played by the British actor Tom Hiddleston, has just denied this.  Loki, this is madness,  says Thor (Chris Hemsworth.  Is it madness?  Mr. Hiddleston responds, his face quivering with intensity, his breath ragged, his eyes filming with tears.
3	  Federal authorities on Friday ordered a comprehensive review of electrical systems in Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner after a spate of incidents, including a battery fire this week in Boston, 15 months after the technologically advanced aircraft came into service. The Federal Aviation Administration, in an unusual high-priority review, said it would focus on how the 787 was designed, manufactured and assembled. Michael P. Huerta, the F.A.A.'s administrator, said the agency would take a special look at the airplane's electrical systems, including batteries and power distribution, and how they interact with one another.The F.A.A.
2	 Wedged between  Onegin  on Monday and  Don Quixote  on Friday is a gem, as American Ballet Theater continues its season at the Metropolitan Opera House . Opening on Tuesday is the company premiere of Frederick Ashton's  A Month in the Country.  Choreographed in, this ballet is a retelling of Turgenev's play about a young tutor's impact on a Russian household. Ashton set his work, in which the narrative unfolds as a series of exquisitely detailed moments, to Chopin as arranged by John Lanchbery.
0	 LONDON — For the first time in 101 years no American will be playing in the third round of the men's singles at Wimbledon .That dismal fact was confirmed on Thursday when their last man standing, 156th ranked qualifier Bobby Reynolds, bowed out to world number one Novak Djokovic on Centre Court .His failure completed a dismal day for the U.S. after 33-year-old James Blake was outclassed by Australian Bernard Tomic and Denis Kulda also lost in straight sets to Croat Ivan Dodig.The statistics really do make for depressing reading.
3	 I'VE been flying most of my career. As a musician in the early days, I was flying all the time between New York and Los Angeles, and then I started working with Jim Henson and I was adding London into the mix.I was chief executive and president of Fox Music for 18 years, and in that position I was flying all the time, too. The locales got a little more exotic, from small Czech villages one week, to Australia or Thailand the following month.
2	 A reading from the Gospel according to John:  In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.  It wouldn't be a stretch to see somebody hawking that verse on a T-shirt outside Kanye West's irreverent  Yeezus  tour, which stops in New York this week.Befitting the album for which it's named —  Yeezus  (Roc-A-Fella/Def Jam, a rawboned and deliriously profane affair — the tour frames Mr. West in torment and in triumph, with messianic fervor. Its stagecraft has included a costumed Jesus figure, along with Mr.
2	 For the past few years, the Oscars have been haunted by the fear that the pictures, to paraphrase Norma Desmond, had gotten small. Or at least that the kind of pictures worthy of Academy Awards no longer operated at a scale demanded by a worldwide broadcast. The box office numbers of best picture nominees seemed to be shrinking as the movie business split in two. At one end was a specialized boutique outfit, at the other a franchise factory geared to the international mass market . Between those poles was a hole where the serious mainstream movies used to be.
2	 GREENWICH, Conn. — On the expansive patio of their stone colonial-style mansion — which has a pool, tennis court, gym and wine cellar named for his idol Dean Martin — Regis Philbin asked his wife, Joy,  What have we been doing for the last year and a half? Joy:  We've had breakfast and brunch. You've done a variety of things. Regis:  Rachael Ray asked me on her show once a month. They gave me nice pay. I did 'The Talk' in Los Angeles . Joy:  You did 'The View,' 'Charlie Rose' and Joe Scarborough.
1	 Soaring to the Stratosphere: The Perlan Project is building a carbon-fiber glider to carry two pilots to,000 feet. Its mission is to set an altitude record and to explore the high reaches of atmosphere.BEND, Ore. — It might be the weirdest part of the atmosphere, 15 miles above the polar regions, where vast stratospheric clouds of nitric acid and water vapor shimmer in iridescent pink while human-made chemicals play havoc with the ozone layer.Scientists long to study the stratosphere at close range. But this is almost the edge of space, far too high for a conventional airplane in level flight.
4	  WASHINGTON —  The social sharing of a small amount of marijuana  by immigrants lawfully in the United States does not require their automatic deportation, the Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday. Sharing a small amount of marijuana for no remuneration, let alone possession with intent to do so, does not fit easily into the everyday understanding of trafficking, which ordinarily means some sort of commercial dealing,  Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote for a seven- justice majority, partly quoting from an earlier case .
3	  HOUSTON — With billions of dollars in penalties at stake, the civil trial of the British oil company BP begins its second phase on Monday, which will set the amount of oil that spilled into the Gulf of Mexico from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon rig explosion that killed 11 workers and soiled hundreds of miles of beaches.The government will argue that a total.2 million barrels of oil was discharged into the sea over 87 days, the equivalent of nearly one-quarter of all the oil that is consumed in the United States in a day.
3	 If Steve Boedefeld graduates from Appalachian State University without any student loan debt, it will be because of the money he earned fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan and the money he now saves by eating what he grows or kills.Zack Tolmie managed to escape New York University with no debt — and a degree — by landing a job at Bubby's, the brunch institution in TriBeCa, where he made,000 a week. And he had entered N.Y.U. with sophomore standing, thanks to Advanced Placement credits. All that hard work also yielded a,000 annual merit scholarship.
3	 As the health care bill that was to become known as Obamacare was making its way through Congress in, Senator Jon Kyl, Republican of Arizona, sought to block the requirement that health insurers cover a minimum set of health benefits determined by the federal government . I don't need maternity care,  said Senator Kyl, who retired from the Senate last year at the age of.  Requiring that on my insurance policy is something that I don't need and will make the policy more expensive. Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Wholesale inventories in the United States fell unexpectedly for a second straight month in June, prompting economists to trim their second-quarter economic growth estimates .The Commerce Department said on Friday that wholesale inventories fell.2 percent after declining.6 percent in May.This was weaker than the government had assumed in its advance estimate of the second-quarter gross domestic product published last week, which put growth at a.7 percent annual pace . Inventories are a crucial component of G.D.P. changes. As a result of the unexpected decline in stocks at wholesalers in June, economists pared their estimates for second-quarter G.D.P.
3	  General Motors said on Thursday that it planned to scale back its Chevrolet brand in Europe over the next three years as the automaker strives to stanch losses and become profitable there.Starting in, G.M.'s strategy in Europe will focus on its Opel and Vauxhall brands as well as expanding its premium Cadillac marque. The automaker said that its decision to withdraw Chevrolet, the fourth-largest global automotive brand, was  largely due to a challenging business model and the difficult economic situation in Europe.
3	  Farmers, waste management companies and the energy industries have long experimented with converting methane, a byproduct of decomposing organic matter, into transportation fuel .Those efforts have met with mixed success, and a renewable natural gas fuel has not been widely available in the United States . But now, one leading supplier of natural gas transport fuel is taking a big step toward changing that. Clean Energy Fuels will announce on Thursday that it has started selling a fuel made of methane from landfills and other waste sources at its more than 40 filling stations in California .
1	 It is known as Darwin's paradox: coral reefs are rife with animal and plant life, yet exist in clear, nutrient-free waters. Where is the food coming from?The answer is sponges, say researchers from the Netherlands.Sponges take organic matter that is cast off by coral and algae and recycle it into food that is consumed by larger organisms like snails and crabs, according to a new study in the journal Science. The result is a  sponge loop  that allows the reefs to thrive in otherwise inhospitable waters.
0	  Andray Blatche came to Brooklyn last fall with a troubled past, a tantalizing athletic profile and the promise of a clean slate. The Nets offered a one-year contract and the chance for a career rebirth. Blatche pledged to become a more responsible citizen.The early results, both on the court and off, were encouraging.But in the predawn hours on Tuesday, a 21-year-old woman claimed that she had been sexually assaulted in a Philadelphia hotel suite where Blatche was present.Blatche, 26, was questioned by the police as a witness, but he was not being accused of any wrongdoing.
1	  VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) — A group of experts investigating the launch failure of a NASA climate satellite has failed to come up with a reason.The Glory satellite plummeted into the Pacific in 2011 shortly after lifting off from the Vandenberg Air Force Base along the California coast.The panel's report released Wednesday found the rocket's clamshell-shaped covering over the satellite never fully opened. But the experts said they were unable to determine why. The covering surrounds the satellite as it flies through the atmosphere.
3	 SYDNEY, Australia — General Motors said it would stop making cars in Australia by 2017 due to high costs and a cripplingly strong currency, fueling fears that its rival Toyota will follow suit and put the entire local auto industry at risk.The decision by the world's second-largest carmaker to close its Holden plants in the states of South Australia and Victoria is the latest blow to Australia's manufacturing industry in general and the auto sector in particular.
2	 The artistic director of the Mariinsky Theater here since, Mr. Gergiev opened his $700 million new opera house, Mariinsky II, last week in festive, even freewheeling, style. A revealing moment came Thursday afternoon, when a calm, grinning Mr. Gergiev greeted applauding onlookers as he walked toward the theater to conduct Tchaikovsky's  Iolanta  — five minutes after the performance was supposed to begin.The whole week felt something like a carnival. The bash after the gala opening concert on Thursday evening, which coincided with Mr. Gergiev's 60th birthday, continued, by one report, until 7 a.m.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration issued a final rule on Wednesday that gives employers greater leeway to use employee wellness programs, with financial rewards and penalties for workers worth up to 50 percent of the premium as an incentive to exercise, quit smoking, lose weight, eat more healthful food and lower cholesterol and blood pressure . Tens of millions of workers could be affected. More than 90 percent of employers with 200 or more employees have programs to promote healthful behavior or prevent disease, the Labor Department says.
3	  CINCINNATI — Although the new federal health care law is designed to help people buying individual policies, even people with employer-provided policies are beginning to see changes in their coverage as companies rethink health care for their workers, discontinuing it in a few cases and redesigning it in many others.They are motivated by a need to rein in health care costs, which continue to rise faster than overall inflation, but the federal health care law is also changing how some view their obligations to their employees.
3	  TOKYO (AP) — An investigation into a lithium-ion battery that overheated on a Boeing 787 flight in Japan last month found evidence of the same type of  thermal runaway  seen in a similar earlier incident in Boston, officials said Tuesday.The Japan Transportation Safety Board said that CT scans and other analysis found damage to all eight cells in the battery that overheated on the All Nippon Airways 787 on Jan. 16, which prompted an emergency landing and investigations by United States and Japanese aviation safety regulators .
0	 NEW YORK — Alfonso Soriano homered twice and drove in a career-high six runs, Alex Rodriguez had a two-run double, and the New York Yankees' bats bailed out a wild CC Sabathia for a 14-7 rout of the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Vernon Wells homered against his former team, and leadoff batter Eduardo Nunez drove in four runs as New York equaled its highest run total of the season. The second-worst, run-producing offense in the AL won by more than three runs for the first time in 26 games.
1	 A commercial cargo ship made its successful debut Wednesday, rocketing toward the International Space Station and doubling the number of NASA's private suppliers for the high-flying lab.Orbital Sciences Corp. launched its first-ever supply ship from Virginia's Eastern Shore, the departing point for a NASA moonshot less than two weeks ago . Look out ISS, here we come,  the company said in a tweet.The capsule named Cygnus — bearing,300 pounds of food, clothing and goodies for the astronauts — is due at the orbiting outpost on Sunday, following four days of testing.
3	 Dispatchers in the Kazakh border town of Dostyk gave this train priority over all other traffic, including passenger trains. Specially trained guards rode on board . Later in the trip, as the train traveled across desolate Eurasian steppes, guards toting AK-47 military assault rifles boarded the locomotive to keep watch for bandits who might try to drive alongside and rob the train. Sometimes, the guards would even sit on top of the steel shipping containers.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Mike Johanns, a Nebraska Republican who is in his first term, announced on Monday that he would not seek re- election next year, the fifth lawmaker to bow out of a Senate that has become increasingly polarized and dysfunctional.Mr. Johanns, a soft-spoken former Nebraska governor and agriculture secretary in the George W. Bush administration, appeared well positioned to be re-elected and was not on any Democratic target list. But last year, he angrily criticized conservative groups that tried to step in and influence the Senate election in his state .
2	 There's an apocryphal story about a director on  The Simpsons  who didn't like the way a scene looked and asked to see the other two camera angles. If you don't understand the absurdity of that anecdote, well, you're not alone. Lots of people don't understand how animation works, how time consuming it can be, how every single thing on screen has to be meticulously planned and often assembled over months (if not years.So it takes a combination of dedication and Job-like patience for any artists working in animation today to elevate themselves above the pack.
2	 In Lower Manhattan, Foley Square is humming with potential tales. Lawyers are entering the courthouses nearby, federal workers are finishing up lunch on the park benches, commuters are catching the 6 p.m. train. Mundane? Perhaps, but to Dave Isay and the organization he founded, StoryCorps, each one of these lives could make for a fascinating story.Mr. Isay can't hear or see them, though, because he's inside the organization's soundproof recording studio in the middle of the square, where thousands of everyday people have talked about their hopes, fears, regrets, triumphs.
0	 In the spring of the 1995 major league baseball season, a rookie named Andy Pettitte was pitching in relief for the Yankees . Another rookie, named Mariano Rivera, was starting and not doing well.Eighteen years, five World Series titles and one major role reversal later, they are moving in tandem toward retirement. Pettitte may start his last game ever at Yankee Stadium on Sunday, and Rivera, widely considered the best reliever ever, also begins the final week of his major league career, unless the Yankees somehow squeeze into the postseason.In, the Yankees did not know what they had in Rivera .
2	 The Wafels & Dinges truck was getting ready to close for business when I hurried out of the subway at Lincoln Center this week, and the heady smell of burned sugar followed me as I turned north in the direction of the Kaufman Center. I was going to a New York Festival of Song concert, the first half of which was dedicated to the music of Jacques Brel, Belgium's greatest gift — somewhat ahead of gaufres de Liège — to civilization. That prospect, in combination with the smell, turned knots in my stomach.
4	 KILLEEN, Tex. — On the first day of his military trial on Tuesday, Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan told jurors that he was the gunman responsible for a shooting rampage at the Fort Hood Army base here in 2009 and that the semiautomatic handgun displayed by prosecutors was in fact his weapon. Major Hasan, who is representing himself after releasing his Army defense lawyers, asked only a handful of questions of the prosecution's 12 witnesses, declining to cross-examine most of them.
3	  Stocks on Wall Street, snapping the year's longest losing streak, closed mostly higher on Tuesday on gains by Best Buy, J.C. Penney and other retailers .By the end of trading, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained.4 percent, the Dow Jones industrial average was flat and the Nasdaq composite was.7 percent higher.Gains accelerated in the afternoon led by large-cap technology stocks, including Intel and Cisco Systems, which briefly lifted the Nasdaq composite index more than 1 percent.
0	 MADRID — A King's Cup final defeat against Atletico Madrid capped the worst season of Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho's career, the Portuguese said on Friday after the 2-1 loss left him without a major title this season. Widely expected to move on at the end of the campaign and linked with a return to Chelsea, a grim-faced Mourinho gave little away about his future but said Real, the world's richest club by income, had suffered a  disastrous  season, with only a Spanish Super Cup added to the trophy cabinet .
4	  CHICAGO — A year after this city drew new attention for soaring gun violence and gang bloodshed, creating a political test for Mayor Rahm Emanuel in President Obama's hometown, Chicago has witnessed a drop in shootings and crime . Killings this year have dipped to a level not seen since the early 1960s.So far in, Chicago homicides, which outnumbered slayings in the larger cities of New York and Los Angeles last year, are down 34 percent from the same period in.
2	  LOS ANGELES — On Oscar night everyone is dying — sometimes literally — to win something.Since March, 1994, when the first regular obituary segment was dropped into an Academy Awards show, a spot on the yearly scroll of recently deceased movie luminaries has become one of the evening's most hotly contested honors. And as in most Oscar races it is the focus of sometimes ferocious campaigning.This time around it is a safe bet that Ernest Borgnine, Charles Durning, Nora Ephron, Tony Scott, Richard Zanuck and Marvin Hamlisch will get their few seconds in a roughly three-minute remembrance.Beloved figures all.
2	  I have not slept in three days,  Mac Miller said,  so I apologize if I'm a little weird.  Actually, Mr. Miller, the Pittsburgh -born rapper, was less weird than wiped. He's in one of his busiest periods since his 2011 debut,  Blue Slide Park,  entered the Billboard charts at No. 1, the first independent album to do so in 16 years. His follow-up,  Watching Movies With the Sound Off,  is due Tuesday from Rostrum Records. I've been filming videos from 10 p.m. to 11 a.m.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senators of both parties on Wednesday criticized Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr . for the secrecy surrounding the Justice Department legal memorandums justifying drone strikes aimed at American citizens, while pushing him to say more about when the Obama administration believes it can use military force on United States soil.As Mr. Holder came before the Senate Judiciary Committee for a department oversight hearing, the chairman of the panel, Senator Patrick J .
4	  PHILADELPHIA — Federal prosecutors on Thursday unveiled fraud charges against nine sitting and former Philadelphia Traffic Court judges accused of dismissing or reducing traffic citations for political, business and social associates in return for favors like free car repairs and shipments of seafood.The judges, as well as three business associates, were charged in an indictment unsealed Thursday with conspiracy, mail fraud and wire fraud . They were accused of taking part in a scheme in which tickets issued for offenses like speeding were thrown out or converted to lesser offenses, or the recipient was found not guilty.
4	 HELENA, Mont. — A former running back for the University of Montana Grizzlies football team has been sentenced to 30 years in jail for the rape of a childhood friend in 2010 as she slept on a sofa in his apartment.The former athlete, Beau Donaldson, wept as the sentence was read in court on Friday. The judge suspended 20 years of his sentence, and Mr. Donaldson will be eligible for parole after he serves a quarter of his sentence, or two and a half years. The defense had requested five years, served in community treatment. Mr. Donaldson was charged in February.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Travis Snider hit a pinch-hit grand slam during a five-run sixth and the Pittsburgh Pirates spoiled a strong return to the mound for Matt Garza with a 5-4 win over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night .Garza allowed one hit over five shutout innings in his first outing in 10 months, but the Pirates pounced on a Chicago bullpen that is 10th in the National League in ERA by sending 11 men to the plate in the sixth.Snider's first career home run with the bases loaded was the first Pirates pinch-hit grand slam in five years.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, suggesting a pickup in the labor market and the pace of economic growth .The decline in jobless claims, released on Thursday, may foreshadow a strong report on February employment .The figures were the latest to indicate the economy's resilience amid higher taxes, although a separate report showing that the United States trade gap widened in January dimmed the near-term outlook a bit.
2	 There were television movies before  Sharknado,  and there continue to be television movies after  Sharknado.  Witness this Saturday night, when Lifetime offers a topical drama,  Escape From Polygamy; Hallmark Channel provides a frothy romantic mystery,  After All These Years; and Nickelodeon kicks in  Swindle,  a children's caper movie modeled on the  Ocean's  films .Saturday is the de facto home for TV movies, with Hallmark and Lifetime rolling out new ones weekly, and other cable channels using the night for more occasional efforts.
3	 FRANKFURT — In an unexpectedly swift reaction to economic warning signals, the European Central Bank cut its benchmark interest rate to a record low on Thursday, moving to head off what some economists fear could be a long period of stagnation like the one that has afflicted Japan .The cut in the E.C.B.'s main rate to.25 percent from.5 percent took many analysts by surprise, and seemed intended to reinforce a vow last year by Mario Draghi, the bank's president, to do  whatever it takes  to preserve the euro zone.
3	 Strong earnings reports from big United States companies helped push the Dow Jones industrial average to its eighth gain in nine sessions on Tuesday.DuPont, Verizon and the Travelers Companies, three of the 30 stocks that make up the Dow, closed higher after reporting their financial results for the final quarter of. The Dow closed up.51 points, or.5 percent, at,712.21. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained.56 points, or.4 percent, to,492.56. The Nasdaq composite average rose.47 points, or.3 percent, to,143.18.The indexes spent the morning showing small gains and losses.
2	 After its early dominance of international film production was shattered by World War I, France never quite managed to sustain a studio system on the Hollywood industrial model. What the French achieved instead was an artisanal cinema built around independent producers, several of whom — like Adolphe Osso in the 1930s, André Paulvé in the '50s and Anatole Dauman in the '60s and '70s — had tastes pronounced enough to establish identities for their firms .
3	  WASHINGTON — Emerging market countries complained on Saturday about the plodding progress in giving them more power at the International Monetary Fund .The global lender, after its annual meetings this past weekend, failed to meet a deadline originally self-imposed for 2012 to make historic changes meant to give emerging nations a greater say. The changes, a topic at each meeting since the deadline passed, would make China the third-largest member and cut Europe's representation on the I.M.F.'s board . Why does this problem remain with us in meeting after meeting?  the Indian finance minister, P.
4	 The senior year of high school, a time when students sometimes seem more focused on social pursuits than academics, may soon be a thing of the past for some Texas students. Dallas Independent School District, the state's second largest, is developing a voluntary three-year high school diploma plan that is likely to start in the 2014-15 school year and would funnel cost savings to finance prekindergarten.
3	 PARIS — The gun fired four shots into a gelatin block. Each nine-millimeter bullet punched deep into the substance, which was meant to mimic the density of a human body.For the experts at the Austrian Interior Ministry performing the test, it was a clear sign: This was a deadly weapon .But it was no ordinary gun. The officials had downloaded the gun's digital blueprints from the Internet and  printed  the weapon on a type of 3-D printer that any person could buy online for about,360.
2	 Let it be known that the Tough Drake era begins not this week, with the release of  Nothing Was the Same,  the first official Tough Drake album, but rather began all the way back on Jan. 6, 2012. That day saw the release of the video for  Stay Schemin,  a Rick Ross song featuring Drake and French Montana . The clip is a fuzzy Michael Mann rip-off, nighttime Miami reduced to blacks, grays and electric blues, oozing sinister energy .In it, Drake dons a black sweatshirt, black jeans, black boots and a gold chain.
3	 WHETHER you're comparing restaurant menus while sitting in the park or turning on the air-conditioner before getting home, life is becoming increasingly mobile thanks to smartphones and tablets . And with new apps appearing constantly, the possibilities for this kind of connected living could be endless — if only the batteries lasted long enough.Now, a range of solar technology companies are offering small, portable chargers and accessory cases that provide power on the go. Some are on the market already, while others are still in development.
0	 Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce, two almost certain Hall of Famers, are heading to Brooklyn in a blockbuster trade that could tip the balance of power in the Eastern Conference .The Nets and the Boston Celtics agreed to the trade late Thursday night in the midst of the N.B.A. draft, which was largely overshadowed by the negotiations . The deal, which cannot be consummated until July 10 for salary-cap purposes, was confirmed by two people involved in the talks .The teams completed the deal when Garnett agreed to waive his no- trade clause.
2	 In January  Kon-Tiki,  a biopic about the Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl and his perilous 1947 journey across the Pacific on a balsa-wood raft, was nominated for the Academy Award for best foreign-language film . (It lost to Michael Haneke's  Amour. ) On April 26 the film will be released commercially in the United States — but in a version that is entirely in English, rather than in the original Norwegian.
3	  WASHINGTON — For Lawrence H. Summers, President Obama's preferred candidate to lead the Federal Reserve, the messy debate over a military attack in Syria was the final sign.After weeks of opposition to his candidacy from an array of progressives, the president's inability to rally Congressional Democrats on Syria persuaded Mr. Summers that his most important audience — the Senate, which must confirm a Fed chairman — probably could not be won over.
1	  BEIJING — One Friday more than two years ago, an air-quality monitoring device atop the United States Embassy in Beijing recorded data so horrifying that someone in the embassy called the level of pollution  Crazy Bad  in an infamous Twitter post. That day the Air Quality Index, which uses standards set by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, had crept above, which was supposed to be the top of the scale.So what phrase is appropriate to describe Saturday's jaw-dropping reading of 755 at 8 p.m.
3	 IN, with the American economy booming, the proportion of workers who were laid off or discharged over a 12-month period fell to.5 percent. That was the lowest rate since the government began collecting the data at the end of 2000 — and a sign that the job market was exceedingly strong.But the rate of firings soared during the credit crisis and Great Recession, hitting a peak of.4 percent in late.Now it has fallen to the lowest level ever recorded.8 percent.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration said Saturday that it had reduced the error rate in enrollment data sent to insurance companies under the new health care law, even as insurers said that the government's records were still riddled with mistakes.The quality of the data is important; it could affect the ability of people to get medical care and prescription drugs when they go to doctors' offices and pharmacies starting next month.More than,000 people selected health plans in the federal insurance marketplace in October and November, and administration officials say more than,000 signed up in the first week of this month.
4	 SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — The Illinois legislature on Tuesday ended a day of emotional debate and fierce back-room arm-twisting by passing a deal to shore up the state's debt -engulfed pension system by trimming retiree benefits and increasing state contributions.With one of the nation's worst -financed state employee pension systems — some $100 billion in arrears — Illinois has been the focus of intense attention across the country as states and municipalities struggle to come to grips with their own public pension problems.
0	 EAST LAKE, Ga. — The prize in sports that routinely logs the most miles is hockey's Stanley Cup . This off-season, the trophy has touched down in more than two dozen countries .The green jacket that is awarded to each Masters champion might be running second this year among sports' travel-weary tokens. Adam Scott, Australian by birth and Swiss by passport, confided Wednesday that he regularly hauls his size 40-regular jacket to tournament locales .For him, it is living out of a suitcase; for the coat, it is living in one.
0	 NEW YORK — The Cleveland Indians put All-Star shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera on the 15-day disabled list Tuesday because of a strained right quadriceps, an injury that could sideline him for a month. Manager Terry Francona said Cabrera could miss three to four weeks, although he said that's merely a guess.Cabrera had to be helped off the field Monday night at Yankee Stadium after hurting himself running out a grounder. He returned to Cleveland for an MRI.The Indians recalled infielder Juan Diaz from Triple-A Columbus .
1	 Several billion years ago, Mars may well have been a pleasant place for tiny microbes to live, with plenty of water as well as minerals that could have served as food, NASA scientists said Tuesday at a news conference on the latest findings from their Mars rover. But they have yet to find signs that actual microbes did live in that oasis.
2	 Elizabeth Meriwether found herself in a pickle familiar to veteran renters: She had lined up the perfect apartment — a sun-filled loft — and rounded up four roommates who got along perfectly. Plans were made. Contracts were signed. Then, at the last minute, somebody backed out.Ms. Meriwether had cast him in her show,  New Girl,  about a woman (Zooey Deschanel, moving in with three men. In the pilot, Mr. Wayans played a fitness trainer who struggles to understand the opposite sex .
2	  LOS ANGELES — The Black Keys and their frontman, Dan Auerbach, emerged as the big winners at the Grammy Awards, taking home four trophies, including best rock album, but it was the British folk- rock group Mumford & Sons that won the coveted album of the year for  Babel. Marcus Mumford beamed as he and his band mates were handed the award after a long night of watching others win.  We figured we weren't going to win anything because the Black Keys have been sweeping up all day, and deservedly so,  he said.
2	 Sooner or later, everything old is new again, especially on television. In a season when the Hollywood gene pool teems with fresh specimens, some familiar faces are shaking things up, defying stereotypes — and showing those newbies how it's done. Mid-glorious-career, four veteran actors are revealing different sides of themselves. Maybe we don't know them as well as we thought we did.Last month, Margo Martindale and her husband, William Boals, drove from their home on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, pulled into Los Angeles seven days later with their dog, looked at each other and almost started to cry.
2	 The Londoner Archy Marshall, better known by his latest stage name, King Krule, recorded his first demo at the age of.  I wrote about escaping the city,  he said,  living in the countryside, on a farm,  and about animals.  That's kind of how Zoo Kid,  as he was called when he released his first single,  came about.  Music he composed at 12 was eventually posted online .  If someone dug hard enough, they could find my voice, unbroken, over like a speed-garage-indie track,  Mr. Marshall, now, said, laughing.
4	 HARRISBURG, Pa. — First it was a criminal case . Then it enveloped a university athletic program . Now the Penn State child sexual abuse scandal has infiltrated the realm of politics.Pennsylvania's new attorney general is set to name a special prosecutor in the coming days to investigate Gov . Tom Corbett's handling of the case, specifically why nearly three years elapsed before criminal charges were brought. Attorney General Kathleen Kane, a Democrat elected in November, confirmed her plans in an interview here. She suggested that when he was attorney general Mr.
2	 In the five seasons that   Mad Men   has been on television that celebrated series set in the art-directed world of 1960s advertising has never marketed itself the way a '60s ad man most certainly would have: by calling in a hotshot illustrator to do the job.But as the show prepared for its new season, which begins April, its creator, Matthew Weiner, inspired by a childhood memory of lush, painterly illustrations on T.W.A. flight menus, decided to turn back the promotional clock.
3	  The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dipped on Monday in the slowest full trading session so far this year as a lack of major news left the market directionless.Although about 100 companies in the S.& P. 500 are still scheduled to report earnings, the season is quickly winding down. The week is also thin in terms of market-moving economic data . It was a pretty quiet day,  said Paul Zemsky, head of asset allocation at ING Investment Management .  We're almost done with earnings, and the quarter will remain lackluster.
1	 Everything new this week was old. Paleontologists in Utah discovered a cowlike species of dinosaur (about 65 million years old, and archaeologists in Scotland found what may be the world's first lunar calendar,000 years old. Meanwhile, astronomers tell us that all of Earth 's gold was formed by ancient stars colliding (more than.5 billion years ago ) and that there is a moon orbiting Neptune we all somehow failed to notice (also quite old.It looked like a cow with forward-facing horns and a big, bulbous snout.
3	 SAINT-CLOUD, FRANCE — As Jérôme Camps, an engineer at Dassault Aviation's main design center, showed off a ghostlike 3-D model of one of the company's small jets here recently, his hand passed through the plane's skin to reveal an intricate web of support structures as well as a jumble of multicolored cables and pneumatic tubes, rendered in vivid detail. This is a living tool,  Mr. Camps said, as an assistant rotated the projected image with a few keystrokes.  This is it. There are no blueprints.
1	 Friday in science, clues to owls' backwardness, fresh dangers to the seas and the launch of a giant kite. Check out these and other headlines from around the Web .Spinning Heads: Owls are able to do something that parents only dream about: swivel their heads completely around to see what is going on behind them.
4	  WASHINGTON — The pastor whom President Obama has chosen to deliver the benediction at his inauguration this month delivered a sermon in the 1990s in which he called on fellow Christians to fight the  aggressive agenda  of the gay rights movement and advocated  the healing power of Jesus  as  the only way out of a homosexual lifestyle. Think Progress, a liberal blog affiliated with the Center for American Progress Action Fund, reported Wednesday afternoon on the sermon delivered by the Rev.
0	  LOS ANGELES — When two billboards with an image of Dwight Howard accompanied by the word  STAY  went up last week in Los Angeles — one on Hollywood Boulevard and the other across the street from Staples Center — it was rather unbecoming.The Lakers are not supposed to grovel.That is a ritual for Cleveland or Orlando, one to which the privileged are unaccustomed. For the Lakers, levers are pulled and juice is spent and marquee big men are delivered their way, be they Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Shaquille O'Neal or Pau Gasol .
3	 A Boeing 787 flew for nearly two hours on Friday in a flight that wrapped up the company's tests of modifications meant to prevent fires in its lithium-ion batteries .The company said it would analyze the results of several weeks of testing, which included blowing up the batteries in labs, and then forward the results to the Federal Aviation Administration, probably early next week. Aviation analysts said the F.A.A., which has overseen the testing, could approve the changes later this month if no other problems surface, and the planes, which have been grounded since mid-January, could be flying again in May.
3	 Weeks of frantic technical work appear to have made the government's health care website easier for consumers to use. But that does not mean everyone who signs up for insurance can enroll in a health plan .The problem is that the systems that are supposed to deliver consumer information to insurers still have not been fixed. And with coverage for many people scheduled to begin in just 30 days, insurers are worried the repairs may not be completed in time.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate Intelligence Committee has asked the C.I.A. for an internal study done by the agency that lawmakers believe is broadly critical of the C.I.A.'s detention and interrogation program but was withheld from congressional oversight committees .The committee's request comes in the midst of a yearlong battle with the C.I.A. over the release of the panel's own exhaustive report about the program, one of the most controversial policies of the post-Sept. 11 era.The Senate report, totaling more than,000 pages, was completed last December but has yet to be declassified.
1	 The days of scrawled doctor's notes are slowly coming to a close. In the United States, 93 percent of hospitals are now using at least some electronic medical records and.2 percent have given up paper records completely, according to the consulting firm HIMSS Analytics. The federal government has been pushing for electronic medical records for a decade, arguing that they will improve health care and bring down costs . That is still a matter of debate.
2	 A FEW hours before his debut show as a solo artist, the musician Christopher Owens was nervous —  good nervous,  he clarified — and so he headed to the spot that is his regular escape:  The park,  he said,  by my house. Mr. Owens knows Golden Gate Park intimately; he spends hours there nearly every day, walking the few blocks from his apartment in the Panhandle neighborhood here, with a pack of Marlboro menthols in his pocket. This is a cool little place,  he said, entering the secluded AIDS Memorial Grove, financed by survivors.
3	 LONDON — Royal Dutch Shell, Europe's largest oil company, surprised markets on Tuesday by naming Ben van Beurden to succeed Peter Voser as chief executive on Jan. 1.Mr. van Beurden, 55, a Dutch citizen, has headed Shell's large marketing and refining business since January and has been an important player in its liquefied natural gas business, in which Shell is the world leader among publicly traded oil companies .
3	 After British authorities urged American regulators to order airlines to disconnect the batteries in the emergency transmitters on Boeing 787s, the Federal Aviation Administration took a more measured approach, saying that it would review the matter.Britain's Air Accidents Investigation Branch, which also called for a broader safety review of similar devices in thousands of other passenger jets, made its recommendations on Thursday after finding signs of disruption in the battery cells of an emergency transmitter on a 787 Dreamliner that caught fire while parked at Heathrow Airport last week.
4	 It said something about the déjà-vu effect that some network anchors covering Barack Obama 's second inauguration on Monday had almost as much to say about the president's mother-in-law as they did about the president.While the camera focused on the rarely seen Marian Robinson standing with her two granddaughters after church, Bob Schieffer of CBS News kvelled over the fact that Michelle Obama's mother moved into the White House four years ago .  What grandma, and I speak as a grandfather, doesn't want to be there?  he exclaimed.  I think it's just beautiful.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — The number of Americans seeking unemployment benefits fell last week to the lowest level in five years, evidence that employers were cutting fewer jobs and may step up hiring . The Labor Department said Thursday that weekly unemployment benefit applications dropped,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000. That is the fewest since January.The four-week average of jobless claims, a less volatile measure, fell to,750. That is also the lowest in nearly five years.The decline may reflect the government's difficulty adjusting its numbers to account for layoffs after the holiday shopping season .
4	 RICHMOND, Va. — A celebrated chef. A political donor with a private jet to lend and a product to pitch. The state's top two elected officials . Virginia is in the grip of an old-fashioned, finger-licking political scandal linking all these figures. There are overlapping plot lines, a cameo by the governor's wife and, in an offstage role portending a possible dark denouement, F.B.I. agents.The story is unfolding almost daily in court records and aggressive coverage by the Richmond press corps .
4	  WASHINGTON — Most White House jobs are self-explanatory: Chief of staff . Press secretary . National security adviser . Then there is the job of   senior adviser   — as influential as any, and more than most, but the sort of post whose duties change with each new occupant and his times.And so it is now that President Obama has tapped as his new senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer, who follows in the hard-to-follow steps of the two Davids most closely associated with Mr.
0	 STORRS, Conn. — In the minutes before tipoff inside a sold-out Gampel Pavilion on Saturday, the lens focused, as it tends to, on Notre Dame point guard Skylar Diggins.A cameraman stood directly in front of her for the duration of the national anthem before her team's showdown with top-ranked Connecticut, capturing every movement, facial expression, blink or twitch from one of the most polarizing figures in women's basketball .And as the game's final seconds melted away, the lens was right back where it started — tracking Diggins — after she secured a 73-72 victory with two free throws that gave No.
4	 SCRANTON, Pa. — President Obama declared on Friday that the United States had made  enormous strides  in race relations since the March on Washington 50 years ago, but said  institutional barriers  for African-Americans and other minorities still existed and must be overcome.Speaking at a town hall-style meeting at Binghamton University in New York, Mr. Obama said that even though there was less overt discrimination in modern society, the legacy of slavery and Jim Crow continued to afflict many in America. He said the economic troubles of recent years had exacerbated divisions across racial and class lines.
4	  HONOLULU — When, as most everyone expects, Gov . Neil Abercrombie signs into law same-sex marriage here in the coming days, it may almost seem like a routine event. Hawaii is poised to be among 16 states to approve gay marriage, along with Illinois and shortly after Minnesota, New Jersey and Rhode Island .But the step in Hawaii has special resonance because the contemporary battle over same-sex marriage was born here two decades ago .
4	  WASHINGTON — For victims of the Boston Marathon bombings, the terrible physical cost may come with a daunting financial cost as well.Many of the wounded could face staggering bills not just for the trauma care they received in the days after the bombings, but for prosthetic limbs, lengthy rehabilitation and the equipment they will need to negotiate daily life with crippling injuries. Even those with health insurance may find that their plan places limits on specific services, like physical therapy or psychological counseling.Kenneth R. Feinberg, the lawyer who has overseen compensation funds for victims of the Sept.
3	 Boeing reported a first-quarter profit on Wednesday that topped analysts' estimates, and it said the recent problems with the lithium-ion batteries on its 787 Dreamliner jets would not keep it from hitting its profit and revenue goals for the year.Boeing's shares closed up 3 percent, continuing a rally that began last month as the company devised a fix to the battery problems that had grounded the 787s since January. The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday approved modifications to minimize the odds that the batteries would emit smoke or catch fire.
0	  ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Jewell Loyd scored 20 points, Natalie Achonwa had 18 points and nine rebounds and No. 4 Notre Dame cruised to an 86-64 victory over Michigan on Saturday night .Michaela Mabrey added 14 points for the Fighting Irish, who led 47-23 at halftime . The Irish shot 59 percent from the floor and forced 19 turnovers, including 13 in the decisive first half.Reserve guard Shannon Smith scored 23 points for Michigan, which had won six of seven. Cyesha Goree had 15 points and seven rebounds, and Siera Thompson finished with 10 points .
2	 It is 10 years since Fall for Dance burst upon the New York fall season with its eclectic programs, its international mix of the well-known and the undiscovered and — most important — its movie - ticket prices . That price has sneaked up, to $15 from, but it's still a steal for the caliber of work you can see at any of the five programs.The opening lineup, on Wednesday and Thursday nights, is particularly good, starting with the Richard Alston Dance Company, from England, performing Mr. Alston's  Devil in the Detail,  to music by Scott Joplin.
3	 With American Airlines' exit from bankruptcy on Wednesday, the grunt work of merging the airline with US Airways can begin and it will most likely be a long-haul affair, analysts said.It has already been a bumpy two years at American Airlines, which filed for bankruptcy protection in November 2011 and expected at the time to speed through its reorganization and emerge as a leaner, independent carrier. But a far different airline is coming out of the process now, and if history is any guide it will face a difficult transition as the two companies tie the knot, analysts said.
2	 ON a recent evening at the movies, Carmel Candy — native of Manchester, England; aspiring music video star; multiplatform publicist of scantily clad selfies — sank into her seat and scrunched her face, flummoxed.  Why are the seats like this?  she asked, turning this way and that.  Is this a luxury theater? Her seat was no ordinary seat. It was the double chocolate, hot fudge brownie sundae of movie theater seats — a person-and-a-half-wide, motorized, reclining, La-Z-Boy-style chair, upholstered in a glossy red leatherlike material — and it represents one theater chain's great gamble on the future.
3	 British safety investigators are examining whether a malfunction in an emergency locator transmitter or other equipment in the rear of a Boeing 787 Dreamliner caused the plane to catch fire on Friday at Heathrow Airport in London, federal and industry officials said Monday.The transmitter, which would send out the plane's location after a crash, is powered by a small lithium-manganese battery . The officials, who would speak only under the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the inquiry publicly, said investigators were focused on whether the transmitter could have caused the fire or helped it spread.
4	  MIAMI — The parents of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed teenager who was shot by George Zimmerman last year, have settled a wrongful-death lawsuit against the homeowners' association in the gated community where he was killed.At the time of the shooting, Mr. Zimmerman was the neighborhood watch captain at the development, the Retreat at Twin Lakes in Sanford, Fla., where he lived with his wife. A homeowners' association newsletter sent to residents in February, the same month as the shooting, cited Mr. Zimmerman as the person to contact for neighborhood watch issues.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — When it was over, the Jets scurried off the field. They dashed through the tunnel, slapping hands with jubilant fans above, toward their locker room, toward relevance and respect and the promise of excitement still to come.Too many times the Jets had endured the New England Patriots' ruining their day, their week, their season. It happened twice last year. Twice more the year before that. The frustration does not dissipate. It accumulates.
4	  WASHINGTON — As President Obama intensifies his campaign for a broad overhaul of the nation's immigration system, advocates for America's 11 million illegal immigrants are stepping up demands that he stop what has become one of the most aggressive and efficient efforts in decades to round up and deport people who are in the United States unlawfully.In four years, Mr. Obama's administration has deported as many illegal immigrants as the administration of George W. Bush did in his two terms, largely by embracing, expanding and refining Bush-era programs to find people and send them home.
2	 After 70 years, New York City Opera has folded, and people are furious about it — not just the choristers, orchestra players and other dedicated company personnel, but countless fans who have depended upon the  people's opera  for decades.The demise seems to have come so quickly. George Steel, City Opera's general manager and artistic director since, is inevitably seen as the man who brought down the company, especially through his decision in 2011 to abandon its Lincoln Center home and turn the troupe into a nomadic company presenting productions on various stages in Manhattan and Brooklyn .
2	  LOS ANGELES — Who knew that the star of Mozart's  The Magic Flute  could be a gangly black cat? In the Los Angeles Opera's irresistible new production, which opened on Saturday at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion here, the mischievous bird catcher Papageno has traded feathers for a feline that leaps from tree to tree, fends off angry dogs and gets captured in a bell jar, radiating charisma all the while.
0	 Oregon's DeAnthony Thomas raced 94 yards for a touchdown on the opening kickoff . The fifth-ranked Ducks barely looked back after that. Oregon beat No. 7 Kansas State, 35-17, on Thursday night in the Fiesta Bowl in Glendale, Ariz. Oregon (12-1) was too much for Kansas State (11-2) and its Heisman Trophy finalist, Collin Klein.Thomas followed his early scoring return with a 23-yard touchdown catch, finishing with 195 total yards .Kenjon Barner ran for 143 yards on 31 carries and scored on a 24-yard touchdown pass from Marcus Mariota in the second quarter.
4	  JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — President Obama vowed on Thursday to use his executive powers to bypass bottlenecks in Congress and accelerate infrastructure projects to bolster growth and add jobs .Speaking inside a cruise ship terminal at Jaxport, a major passenger and cargo port on the East Coast, Mr. Obama hailed two major projects that would accommodate increasing global trade and speed the delivery of goods that arrive here on huge ships and depart by train for destinations across the United States . In a couple of years, new supertankers are going to start coming through the Panama Canal,  Mr.
3	 Ms. Torres, a 54-year-old nanny, pays $828 a month for a rundown one-bedroom that she keeps spotlessly clean, making the rent only by letting an acquaintance sleep on a mattress in the living room for about $400 a month.But her one-bedroom happens to be in the booming Columbia Heights area here, where such an apartment, once renovated, would easily command twice the price. Her landlords have been trying to drive the tenants out of the building, she explained in Spanish. The broken fire alarms go off in the middle of the night.
4	  WASHINGTON — The startling failure of the farm bill last month reflects the declining clout of the farm lobby and the once-powerful committees that have jurisdiction over agriculture policy, economists and political scientists said this week.Although a number of factors contributed to the defeat of the bill — including Speaker John A. Boehner's failure to rally enough Republican support and Democratic opposition to $20 billion in cuts to the food stamps program — analysts said the 234 to 195 vote also illustrated the shift in the American population and political power to more urban areas .
3	  WASHINGTON — After months of frustrating delays, a chemical company announced Wednesday that it had produced commercial quantities of ethanol from wood waste and other nonfood vegetative matter, a long-sought goal that, if it can be expanded economically, has major implications for providing vehicle fuel and limiting greenhouse gas emissions .The company, INEOS Bio, a subsidiary of the European oil and chemical company INEOS, said it had produced the fuel at its $130 million Indian River BioEnergy Center in Vero Beach, Fla., which it had hoped to open by the end of last year.
4	  Mark Sanford, the former South Carolina governor whose career and marriage crumbled as he pursued a relationship with an Argentine woman, on Wednesday made official his decision to run for Congress .The seat opened up last month, when Gov . Nikki R. Haley appointed Representative Tim Scott, a favorite of the Tea Party, to replace the conservative Republican Jim DeMint in the Senate . Mr. DeMint stepped down to run the Heritage Foundation .Mr. Sanford is no stranger to Congress .
3	  Houston — Signaling a possible break with 40 years of energy policy, Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz has suggested that it may be time for the Obama administration to reconsider the nation's ban on exporting domestically produced crude oil . Congress made most oil exports without a license illegal in the 1970s to conserve supplies at a time when OPEC oil embargoes produced long lines at gas stations and threatened the American economy .
2	 Trixie Whitley could easily have done straightforward roots-rock on  Fourth Corner  (Strong Blood, the debut album she released in January. She has the pedigree, as the daughter of the bluesman Chris Whitley, and she has the voice, which holds smoke and sorrow, exhortation and ache. But she's not one for established formats. Her mother is Belgian, and Ms. Whitley spent years in Europe, in theater and dance troupes, before settling in New York in her teens.
0	  Matt Harvey reported for work Thursday at:44 a.m. wearing a trench coat cinched at the waist. He leaned his black umbrella against the back of his clubhouse chair, then embarked on the process of preparing for the 24th start of his major league career. Rain was in the forecast for the Mets' afternoon game against the St . Louis Cardinals at Citi Field, but Harvey was as meticulous about his preparation as ever. He tossed the ball in the outfield. He threw in the bullpen. He conferred with catcher John Buck on the game plan. He stretched. He jogged.
2	  LOS ANGELES — In the time that Peter Dinklage has portrayed the cunning nobleman Tyrion Lannister on the HBO fantasy series   Game of Thrones,  he has calculated his way out of life-or-death situations, led victorious armies on battlefields and won an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe for his work. But he had never been to a gala premiere for   Game of Thrones,  because HBO had never held one.This was rectified on a recent Monday evening when Mr.
4	 Most of the Pentagon's civilian employees will face a furlough in the coming months if the planned across-the- board budget cuts come to pass on March, Defense Secretary Leon E . Panetta warned Congress on Wednesday.About,000 civilians would experience pay cuts of about 20 percent between late April and September, Pentagon officials warned, if the department is required to cut $46 billion over the remainder of the 2013 fiscal year. The furloughs could come in the form of a four-day workweek.
4	 CHILMARK, Mass. — Each morning this week, Susan E. Rice has called or come to a secluded contemporary house here, intelligence reports at hand, to brief President Obama about the chaotic world that has followed him on vacation.On Wednesday, Ms. Rice, the national security adviser, delivered a particularly troubling report: Egypt's military had begun a bloody operation to clear two camps of demonstrators protesting on behalf of that country's ousted president, Mohamed Morsi . Among the options she laid out was a plan already on the table to pull the United States from joint military exercises with Egypt.After Mr.
2	 The creepy thriller   The Truth About Emanuel   deals with  loss and heartbreak and madness and mortality,  the writer and director Francesca Gregorini said recently.  Every artist is haunted by specific themes, and those, for better or for worse, seem to be mine. Ms. Gregorini, 45, was born in Rome and is the daughter of Barbara Bach — a former Bond girl, model who appeared in a Playboy pictorial, and who later married Ringo Starr — and Augusto Gregorini.
0	 U.S. Open Semifinals: A rematch of the 2012 United States Open women's final will pit Victoria Azarenka and Serena Williams against one another for Sunday's championship .In a departure from the usually unpredictable results in women's tennis, Sunday afternoon will have a pronounced  same time, same place  air to it when No. 1 Serena Williams and No. 2 Victoria Azarenka face off in the United States Open final for a second consecutive year. Williams won last year's final in a thriller, 6-2, 2-6, 7-5, after Azarenka had served for the championship at 5-4 in the third set.
0	 Rob Klinkhammer had two goals and an assist, and Mikkel Boedker scored two of Phoenix's four second-period goals as the host Coyotes beat the road-weary Islanders, 6-3, on Thursday night to avenge their worst loss of the season.Two months after a 6-1 road loss to the Islanders, Phoenix also got goals from Keith Yandle and Mike Ribeiro to snap a three-game home losing streak . John Tavares netted his 13th goal, and Eric Boulton and Kyle Okposo also scored for the Islanders, who ended a five-game trip with their 11th loss in 12 games.
3	 Boeing topped analysts' expectations with a 13 percent increase in second-quarter profit, thanks to growing sales of commercial airplanes and exports of military equipment, the company reported Wednesday.The company, based in Chicago, also raised its forecast for all of. It projected earnings of.10 to.30 a share for the year, an increase from an earlier estimate of $5 to.20 a share. It now expects revenue of $83 billion to $86 billion, compared with its earlier forecast for $82 billion to $85 billion.The gains reflected the strong recovery in commercial aircraft sales since the recession .
0	 Peca and several Sabres teammates, including Rob Ray and Matthew Barnaby, lived in the same town house complex as Bailey's mother, Karen Buscaglia. They stayed in touch with Buscaglia while living in Buffalo, attending Bailey's birthdays and mentoring him.Bailey, now, is a playmaking forward with the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League . A 6-foot, 186-pound right wing, Bailey is projected to be a second- round selection in the N.H.L. draft on June 30 at Prudential Center in Newark. He is the son of the former N.F.L.
3	  OKLAHOMA CITY — Toyota Motor is liable for a 2007 crash that left one woman dead and another seriously injured after a Camry suddenly accelerated, an Oklahoma state court jury decided Thursday.The jury awarded.5 million in monetary damages to Jean Bookout, the driver of the car who was injured in the crash, and another.5 million to the family of Barbara Schwarz, 70, who died.It also decided Toyota acted with  reckless disregard  for the rights of others, a determination that sets up a second phase of the trial on punitive damages that is scheduled to begin Friday.Ms.
3	 American employers have a variety of job vacancies, piles of cash and countless well-qualified candidates . But despite a slowly improving economy, many companies remain reluctant to actually hire, stringing job applicants along for weeks or months before they make a decision.If they ever do.
4	 If you don't like Texas, this gravel road idea should make you deliriously happy.The state's highway department is scratching around for money, and one of their stopgaps is to convert some paved state roads, damaged by truck activity related to the current drilling boom, back to gravel. Economic development types in New York, California, Missouri and Maryland — where Gov . Rick Perry, a Republican, has made very public overtures to companies that might be persuaded to move to Texas — ought to be carrying bags of gravel to their pitch meetings.
4	  WASHINGTON — After a series of scandals involving high-ranking officers, the American military for the first time will require generals and admirals to be evaluated by their peers and the people they command on qualities including personal character.The new effort is being led by Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as part of a broad overhaul of training and development programs for generals and admirals. It will include new courses to train the security detail, executive staffs and even the spouses of senior officers .
2	 CANNES, France — The applause for Joel and Ethan Coen 's wonderful new film, a comedy in a melancholic key called   Inside Llewyn Davis,  started someplace around the midway mark. Prompted by the hilariously inane  Please Please Mr. Kennedy,  sung by Oscar Isaac, Justin Timberlake and Adam Driver — who play three bearded 1961 folkies warbling and strumming through a space-race ditty — the Cannes audience started to laugh and clap. By the time the film ended, the clapping, laughing and whooping critics at the 66th Cannes Film Festival were over the moon.
4	 Four adults in the school system of Steubenville, Ohio, including the superintendent, were indicted Monday by a grand jury looking into the cover-up of a rape that drew national attention and outrage because students recorded it on social media but did not alert the authorities .Michael McVey, 50, the superintendent of Steubenville City Schools, was indicted on a charge of obstructing justice, along with three others including an elementary school principal, eight months after two teenage football stars were found guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl.
4	  MIAMI — Averting a prolonged and heated political drama, Jim Greer, a former chairman of the Republican Party of Florida, walked into an Orlando courtroom on Monday and pleaded guilty to grand theft and money laundering charges .Mr. Greer, 50, who was known for bombast and loyalty to former Gov . Charlie Crist, entered a plea with the single word  guilty.  He did so without a plea agreement, the prosecutor in the case said. Mr. Greer is expected to face some prison time, although it is unclear how much. Sentencing will take place on March.
3	 ONE of advertising's great (or at least most amusing) traditions is the challenger attack ad, in which a field's No. 2 (or No. 3) player tries to distinguish itself by taking aim at the leader. When artfully done it can have a great effect, as in Avis's long-running  We try harder  campaign against Hertz, or Samsung's recent ads mocking the obedience of iPhone fans.The latest example is in digital music services, with Pandora as the Goliath and its much smaller competitor Slacker in the role of David with the 30-second sling.
0	 SUNRISE, Fla. — Colin Greening scored the go-ahead goal late in the second period and Craig Anderson stopped 30 shots, leading the Ottawa Senators over the Florida Panthers 4-2 on Tuesday night . Bobby Ryan, Erik Condra and Joe Corvo also scored for the Senators .Jonathan Huberdeau and Brian Campbell scored goals for Florida and Tim Thomas stopped 41 shots . Ottawa won for the 13th time in its last 15 games against the Panthers . Florida remains winless in the Atlantic Division (0-6-1) this season.The Senators broke a 2-all tie with a fortunate bounce on a power play .
3	 PARIS — Daimler, the German maker of Mercedes-Benz cars, may resume sales in France after the country's highest administrative court temporarily lifted a ban on Tuesday.Sales had been suspended since July because the cars do not use an air-conditioner refrigerant intended to be more environmentally friendly, but which Daimler says is unsafe. While nominally an environmental issue, the matter has taken on the overtones of a trade dispute, risking tensions between German regulators and European Union officials .
3	 SINCE, we have lived through the biggest real estate bubble in United States history — followed by the most calamitous decline in housing prices that the country has ever seen.Fundamental factors like inflation and construction costs affect home prices, of course. But the radical shifts in housing prices in recent years were caused mainly by investor -induced speculation.Anyone contemplating the purchase of a home wants an idea of where prices will be when it is eventually time to sell, perhaps many years later.
3	 FRANKFURT — Nearly half of Germany 's gold reserves are held in a vault at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York — billions of dollars worth of postwar geopolitical history squirreled away for safe keeping below the streets of Lower Manhattan.Now the German central bank wants to make a big withdrawal — 300 tons in all.On Wednesday, the Bundesbank said that it would begin moving some of the reserves, the second-largest stock in the world after that of the United States .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama met for more than an hour on Capitol Hill with Senate Democrats on Tuesday, engaging in a lengthy, detailed discussion about potential changes to entitlements and other ways to balance the budget .The discussion was held on the first of three days of Congressional outreach by Mr. Obama that will include meetings with both parties in the House and with Senate Republicans .Mr. Obama expressed hope of reaching a   grand bargain   in the next few months, according to the senators at the meetingy, and said he was optimistic about an immigration bill.
4	  WASHINGTON — In, when Edward J. Snowden joined the thousands of computer virtuosos going to work for America's spy agencies, there were no recent examples of insiders going public as dissidents . But as his doubts about his work for the Central Intelligence Agency and then for the National Security Agency grew, the Obama administration's campaign against leaks served up one case after another of disillusioned employees refashioning themselves as heroic whistle-blowers .Instead of merely opting out of surveillance work, Mr. Snowden embraced their example, delivering hundreds of highly classified N.S.A. documents to The Guardian and The Washington Post .
2	 This week ABC Family did something that no commercial television channel in the United States had ever done: It broadcast an entire episode of a show,  Switched at Birth,  in American Sign Language, with next to no oral dialogue .As a result viewers had to do something that, for some of them, was just as unusual: pay undivided attention. Every single viewer — deaf or hearing — was forced to put away their phones and iPads and anything else distracting in this A.D.D. world we all live in and focus,  said Lizzy Weiss, the creator of the series.
3	  BRUSSELS — The number of people employed in the euro zone fell again in the second quarter of this year but at a slower rate, according to data released Friday, adding to hopes that the bloc's modest recovery may be gaining momentum. Employment in the 17 nations sharing the euro fell .1 percent in the April-to-June period compared to the first quarter, which was significantly less than the two previous quarters, the European Union's statistics office Eurostat said Friday.
2	  Los Angeles — If you were to make a wry comedy about the plugged-in creative class, you might set it in a neighborhood like Silver Lake, the trendy, leafy enclave here, in a home like the writer-director Jill Soloway's. Perched on a hill, it's an airy, art-filled respite, with a color-coded library, an expansive yard decorated with bright rugs, and, in a nod to her artistic and parental temperament, a drum kit in the living room, for her husband and sons.It is fitting, then, that Ms.
3	 SHANGHAI — The Chinese government released more details on Friday about its accusations involving GlaxoSmithKline, which has been rocked in recent weeks by a bribery and corruption scandal at its unit in China .The company also late Thursday named Hervé Gisserot, one of the company's top executives in Europe, to succeed Mark Reilly as the head of its operations in China . Mr. Reilly left the country for London after the company's offices were raided by the police in late June.The company said Mr.
2	 VENICE — With a substantial crop of U.S. productions in this year's Venice film festival, there should be no lack of glamour on the Lido. Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, the stars of Alfonso Cuarón's  Gravity  will be joining the director on the red carpet on the opening night .On subsequent evenings at the Palazzo del Cinema, other star vehicles should guarantee the presence of Scarlett Johansson, Nicolas Cage, Judi Dench, Daniel Radcliffe, Zac Efron, Paul Giamatti, Christoph Waltz and Alan Rickman.
3	 I REMEMBER taking a flight to Disneyland when I was about. I was so excited. It was like I was flying to the moon. I got used to flying pretty quickly, traveling between Arizona, where I lived, to visit family in California . Then in the 1980s, I worked as a model in Japan and taught English. So again, more plane time.Most of my business travel today involves filming or going to meetings and events for my beauty and lifestyle company, Boyfriend L.L.C. I'm also involved with a few nonprofits, so I travel for those organizations, too.
0	 Everyone has his favorite goal of the year.For Bayern Munich's fans, it is probably Arjen Robben's late score to win the UEFA Champions League on a May evening at London's Wembley Stadium.For the harried fans of Mexico's national team, it is probably a goal by the American Graham Zusi in a World Cup qualifier against Panama in October that saved El Tri from the shame of elimination.In a game where goals are such a precious commodity, it is amazing how many truly great goals are scored around the world.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve Chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, said on Wednesday that the Fed was likely to extend the centerpiece of its campaign to bolster the economy — keeping short-term interest rates close to zero — even as it prepares to wind down another key stimulus program that faces mounting internal opposition .Mr. Bernanke has begun to prepare the way for the Fed to scale back on its effort to cut borrowing costs for businesses and consumers through the monthly purchase of vast quantities of Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities .
2	 Choreographically and personally Justin Peck and Yasuko Yokoshi don't appear to have much in common. Mr. Peck, a native of San Diego, is a 25-year-old member of New York City Ballet, where he has recently made a name for himself as a creator of vibrant, rigorously structured dances. In the downtown world Ms. Yokoshi, originally from Hiroshima, Japan, has long been revered as an important experimentalist, a purveyor of form and subversive daring.Dance brought both of them to New York. And both, using different methodology, are determined to keep classical dance alive within a contemporary framework.
3	 PARIS — European factories ramped up their output of consumer durable goods in June, official data showed Tuesday, and economists said the news signaled an end to the recession that has made the Continent the laggard of the world economy . Industrial production in the 17-nation currency zone rose.7 percent in June from May, Eurostat, the statistical agency of the European Union, reported from Luxembourg. The agency also revised down the size of the decline in May to.2 percent, from.3 percent.
3	 LONDON — Vodafone on Tuesday posted its first decline in full-year revenue since, saying that rapid growth at its American unit and in emerging markets did not make up for a slump in Southern Europe and price cuts mandated by European regulators . Revenue at Vodafone was down.2 percent to.4 billion, or.6 billion, for, while core earnings fell.1 percent to.3 billion.The company, based in London, said it would keep a.1 billion dividend payment from its American unit, Verizon Wireless, rather than returning it to shareholders.
0	 You release the pitch, you see a flash of white and you try to react. It is not much of a defense, but for a pitcher facing a line drive from less than 60 feet away, there is nothing else to do. On that one there with Cano, if it was eight inches or a foot higher, it's crushing me in the face,  said Mark Buehrle, the Toronto Blue Jays left-hander, who narrowly escaped damage on a laser off the bat of Robinson Cano at Yankee Stadium Tuesday night .  It's just a reaction play.
4	  WASHINGTON — As he finishes a fifth year in power that proved far more vexing than his fourth, President Obama is shuffling his staff to recapture lost momentum and confront the daunting challenges of the midterm election season.With each passing day comes word of another personnel change as the president seeks to recalibrate a White House operation that failed to win passage of most of his top legislative priorities for the year, struggled to preserve his public standing and bungled the rollout of his signature health care program.
2	 If you want to know the truth, the Wolf of Wall Street — the person, that is, not the Martin Scorsese- Leonardo DiCaprio movie that opens on Christmas Day — spent only a fleeting few months on the actual Wall Street . In, Jordan Belfort — a.k.a. the wolf himself — took a job at L. F. Rothschild, an old white-shoe firm . It was his first job in the business, and he was given the assignment of cold-calling  prospects  that he would then turn over to a broker.
4	  Texas lawmakers got out of the Kumbaya session alive, ducking most of the opportunities for bitter fights by ducking most of the issues that cause legislative fights to turn bitter.They didn't mess with immigration, abortion laws, voting laws or school vouchers — issues that divide lawmakers along ideological lines and make for contentious gatherings like the 2011 legislative session .That peace might end. After the regular session came to a close on Monday, Gov . Rick Perry immediately called lawmakers back. He wants them to ratify redistricting maps drawn by federal judges for use in the 2012 elections .
3	 MADRID — Spain pulled out of a two-year recession in the third quarter, with its economy growing.1 percent from the previous quarter, according to preliminary data released Wednesday by the Spanish central bank .While anticipated, the growth news will likely provide a fillip for the conservative government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, which, since coming into office almost two years ago, has pushed through deeply unpopular spending cuts and tax hikes in order to comply with budgetary targets in accordance with Spain's European partners .
3	 Alarms sounded and lights flashed as control panel dials at a nuclear power plant in upstate New York warned that the power for safety equipment was failing. The room went dark until the emergency lights kicked in. But there was no reason to worry on this frozen winter morning.This was a simulation by Constellation Energy, the owner of the Nine Mile Point plant on Lake Ontario, for the benefit of two of the five members of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
4	  WASHINGTON — The pivot in counterterrorism policy that President Obama announced last week was nearly two years in the making, but perhaps the most critical moment came last spring during a White House meeting as he talked about the future of the nation's long-running terrorism war. Underlying the discussion was a simple fact: It was an election year. And Mr. Obama might lose.
4	  BOSTON — Thursday brought high drama to the trial of James (Whitey) Bulger, the reputed crime boss of South Boston . There was a new death amid so many old mob deaths. And his former partner took the stand, pointed a finger at Mr. Bulger and later accused him of being what he most fears being labeled — an F.B.I. informant.The day began with reports that a jogger had found the body of Stephen Rakes, who until recently had been scheduled to testify against Mr. Bulger. It was a measure of the legacy of fear wrought by Mr.
4	  ATLANTA — An Alabama prosecutor is, for a second time, trying to persuade a judge to impose a tougher sentence on a rapist to whom he gave no prison time.The prosecutor, District Attorney Brian C. T. Jones, filed the request on Monday in a case that has drawn outrage in Alabama . Judge James W. Woodroof of Circuit Court in Limestone County, near Huntsville, issued a two-page order on Monday that for a second time spared Austin S. Clem, a 25-year-old pipe fitter, from a prison term for three rape charges . The jury foreman from Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The technology troubles that plagued the HealthCare. gov website rollout may not have come as a shock to people who work for certain agencies of the government — especially those who still use floppy disks, the cutting-edge technology of the 1980s.Every day, The Federal Register, the daily journal of the United States government, publishes on its website and in a thick booklet around 100 executive orders, proclamations, proposed rule changes and other government notices that federal agencies are mandated to submit for public inspection.So far, so good.
0	 SAINTE-JULIE, Quebec — Rocco Mediate is trying to complete a Canadian sweep.Coming off a blowout victory Sunday in Calgary, Alberta, the 50-year-old Mediate is set to open play Friday in the Montreal Championship on La Vallee du Richelieu's revamped Rouville Course. Last week was kooky,  said Mediate, who shot 63-64-64 for a seven- stroke victory in Calgary .  It was one of those weeks you want to have.
4	 Threatened by long-term declining participation in shooting sports, the firearms industry has poured millions of dollars into a broad campaign to ensure its future by getting guns into the hands of more, and younger, children.The industry's strategies include giving firearms, ammunition and cash to youth groups ; weakening state restrictions on hunting by young children ; marketing an affordable military-style rifle for  junior shooters  and sponsoring semiautomatic-handgun competitions for youths ; and developing a target-shooting video game that promotes brand-name weapons, with links to the Web sites of their makers.
2	 Steve McQueen was a mass of insecurities, even refusing to hang his wardrobe next to that of a taller co-star. Paul Newman fretted that Marlon Brando was so brilliant, he made other actors pale by comparison. Kirk Douglas, Spartacus, no less, wrote recently in The Huffington Post about auditioning with Mae West to be a strongman for her stage show and being rejected after she took just one look at him.Even Daniel Craig, who plays the classic symbol of cool, James Bond, has had moments of feeling shaken and stirred.
2	 It might have been one of the most talked about television events in recent years : James Gandolfini was coming home to HBO in a new series, his first since his indelible portrayal of the mob boss Tony Soprano on  The Sopranos. His sudden death Wednesday in Italy at 51 has cut short that tantalizing prospect — though there remains a chance that Mr. Gandolfini's work in the show, a tense crime thriller called   Criminal Justice,  may yet be seen.It would be just a hint of what might have been, because Mr.
3	 LONDON — Franco Bernabè resigned as chief executive of Telecom Italia on Thursday after he clashed with some of the European telecommunications company's major investors .Mr. Bernab, 65, had led the struggling Italian telecommunications firm since, but his tenure had been clouded by the European financial crisis that severely hit the company's domestic market .The former Italian banker had also sparred with the company's shareholders, including the rival European telecom giant Telefónica, over efforts to revive Telecom Italia's flagging fortunes.The company is weighed down by almost 29 billion euros, or $40 billion, of outstanding debt, and Mr.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — Defense lawyers for Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and four others accused of being accomplices in the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, asked a military tribunal judge in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, on Tuesday to let them stay in prison with their clients for 48-hour periods every six months. But military prosecutors called that request unreasonable, saying the defense should be allowed only a single two-hour visit. The idea that they are entitled to walk around for 48 hours in their clients' shoes is unsupported by anything,  said Maj.
0	  RIO DE JANEIRO — Mario Balotelli scored the winner and Andrea Pirlo, capping a majestic 100th international appearance by scoring with a 30-metre free kick, provided the inspiration as Italy beat Mexico 2-1 in their opening Confederations Cup match on Sunday.Pirlo's goal was entirely worthy of the hallowed Maracana, which provided the perfect stage as he became the fifth Italian to reach a century of full internationals.The 34-year-old brought the fickle and notoriously difficult-to-please Maracana crowd to its feet as he curled the ball over the wall and into the top corner in the 27th minute from distance.
0	  CHICAGO — Derrick Rose was the last player on the court after warm-ups an hour before Game 3 between the Bulls and the Nets at United Center on Thursday night . Bathed in a layer of sweat after going through a series of shooting and dribbling drills, Rose skied above the rim and dunked, eliciting a cheer from the handful of fans who had arrived early.He then walked to the locker room, only to return wearing a suit.
4	  BOSTON — Getting voters' attention for a special election at an unexpected time of year is hard enough. It is even harder when the airwaves have been taken over by wall-to-wall coverage of a major disaster of the sort that struck the Boston Marathon two weeks ago .The campaigns for the Senate seat vacated this year by John Kerry, who is now secretary of state, screeched to a halt after the marathon bombings on April.
1	 From biology class to  C.S.I.,  we are told again and again that our genome is at the heart of our identity. Read the sequences in the chromosomes of a single cell, and learn everything about a person's genetic information — or, as 23andme, a prominent genetic testing company, says on its Web site,  The more you know about your DNA, the more you know about yourself. But scientists are discovering that — to a surprising degree — we contain genetic multitudes.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.02 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.06 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.02 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKState of Oregon, $78 million of revenue bonds . Bank of America, Merrill Lynch .
4	 As the country's leading conservative donors finished off plates of roast lamb and spaetzle in a Palm Springs, Calif., hotel ballroom on Monday, Charles G. Koch delivered a pep talk . The November elections had been a major setback for the cause of liberty, Mr. Koch told the more than 200 guests, many of whom had pumped millions of dollars into the political operation founded by Mr. Koch and his brother David. But there would be no backing down, Mr. Koch said, according to some of those attending.
2	 It might be going too far to proclaim 2013 the Year of the Mustache, but viewers have been privy to a glorious bounty of mustachioed upper lips at the movies this year. Phil Olsen, the captain of Beard Team USA, knows a thing or two about hirsute looks. He and his colleagues will battle for global facial hair supremacy at the World Beard and Mustache Championships in Portland, Ore., in September. He agreed to share his thoughts on a selection of actors with striking 'staches.Expert opinion Mr.
1	 Chimpanzees are not people, no matter how they are dressed up for commercials, but perhaps they are close enough that they deserve some of the same rights humans have.That is what an animal rights group claimed on Monday when it filed a classic writ of habeas corpus, that revered staple of American and English law and tired cliché of detective fiction — not for a human being held unlawfully, but for Tommy, a chimpanzee in Gloversville, N.Y.This is no stunt.
0	 A glance at the list of men's singles champions at Wimbledon the last dozen years reveals plenty of pleasant-enough looking chaps, though not a single slam-dunk male model in the bunch.No matter. Each one was instantly fawned over the moment he held the trophy aloft, celebrated for toughness, smarts and the kind of devotion that knows no quit. Marion Bartoli displayed all of those qualities — and more — on the way to winning Wimbledon in this most tumultuous of years. But because she's a woman, at least one man behind a microphone couldn't stop there.
3	  WASHINGTON — With 2013 bringing tax increases on the incomes of a small sliver of the richest Americans, the country's top earners now face a heavier tax burden than at any time since Jimmy Carter was president.The last-minute deal struck by the departing 112th Congress raised taxes on a handful of the highest-earning Americans, with about.3 percent of households experiencing no change in their income taxes . But the Tax Policy Center estimates that the average family in the top 1 percent will pay a federal tax rate of more than 36 percent this year, up from 28 percent in.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Not so long ago, Toni Bias dreamed of playing in the W.N.B.A. But after starring on the girls' junior varsity basketball team as a high school freshman, Toni came out as transgender last summer, began going by the name Tony and started transitioning to male.At the time, California had no policy governing transgender high school athletes. Already finding himself the target of bullies, who often taunt him with  he-she,  Tony feared he would have to endure even more abuse if he pushed to try out for the boys' team.
2	 When it comes to classical music these days, the kids — relatively speaking, of course — are all right. The news that the Latvian conductor Andris Nelsons, 34, has been named music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra is the latest in what has felt like a youth trend in major American ensembles.Mr. Nelsons steps into a position left vacant since, when James Levine resigned after an extended run of injuries, illness and cancellations. It's no surprise, after years of uncertainty, that the orchestra chose to replace Mr.
1	 Researchers last week developed DNA evidence to help identify the remains of a skeleton found under a parking lot in Leicester, England, as those of Richard III, the last English king to die in battle, in. But the researchers' work is only half-done. They have made a strong but not conclusive link through the female line, and are now turning to the male side for corroboration.Turi King, a geneticist at the University of Leicester, found a match in the mitochondrial DNA extracted from the parking lot skeleton and that of two living descendants of Anne of York, Richard III's sister.
3	 Say goodbye to that $500 deductible insurance plan and the $20 co-payment for a doctor's office visit. They are likely to become luxuries of the past.Get ready to enroll in a program to manage your diabetes. Or prepare for a health screening to determine your odds of developing a costly health condition.Expect to have your blood pressure checked or a prescription filled at a clinic at your office, rather than by your private doctor.Then blame — or credit — the so-called Cadillac tax, which penalizes companies that offer high-end health care plans to their employees.
2	  New York City Opera, which was founded 70 years ago to bring opera to the masses, will be forced to cancel most of its current season and all of its next season if it fails to raise $20 million by year's end, company officials say.The cash crisis that City Opera is trying to overcome threatens the very survival of a company that has made opera accessible and cultivated important singers over the years, including Beverly Sills, Plácido Domingo and Renée Fleming.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Energy Department will give a small company in Corvallis, Ore., up to $226 million to advance the design of tiny nuclear reactors that would be installed under water, making meltdown far less likely and opening the door to markets around the world where the reactors now on the market are too big for local power grids .The company, NuScale Power, has made substantial progress in developing  an invented-in-America, made-in-America product that will export U.S. safety standards around the world,  Peter B. Lyons, the assistant secretary for nuclear energy, said in an interview.
2	 The annual Human Rights Watch Film Festival, Thursday to June 23 at the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the IFC Center, is as close as anything to being the social conscience of the film industry. Not that of Hollywood, mind you, but of more high-minded, noncommercial independent and world cinema .The main program, with 20 selections, starts on Friday night with Freida Mock's  Anita: Speaking Truth to Power .
1	  WASHINGTON — The day after a frigid, star-salted night spent tromping through the Alexandria woods with David Johnson of the Global Owl Project, and listening to the stridently mournful cries of wild barred owls that remained hidden from view, I stopped by the National Zoo around sunset to take visual measure of the birds I had heard.
2	 It is no ordinary Broadway pit band. Its period instruments — sackbuts, shawms and rauschpfeifes — are decidedly more Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin than Irving Berlin.But these musicians are playing in a pair of productions,   Twelfth Night   and   Richard III,  running in repertory at the Belasco Theater, that aim for authenticity. All the roles are played by males, as in Shakespeare's day; beeswax candles light the stage; and the music, from costumed players in a gallery above the stage, would be familiar to Elizabethan audiences.
0	 LONDON — Petr Cech will reinforce his status as Chelsea's most decorated goalkeeper if he equals the club record for most clean sheets in Sunday's heavyweight Premier League showdown against Liverpool .The 31-year-old Czech international recorded his 207th shutout in the 1-0 victory over Swansea City on Thursday and another one against Liverpool will move him alongside Stamford Bridge great Peter Bonetti.Bonetti kept 208 clean sheets in 729 appearances in all competitions between 1959-79 while Cech has only played 455 games for the London club . It is a great milestone for a goalkeeper,  Cech told the club website (www.chelseafc.
4	  PROVIDENCE, R.I. — Joseph Caramadre contends he was a philanthropist and a clever lawyer, offering,000 payments to people who were dying. The United States attorney contends that he was a scam artist, preying on the very ill and getting rich by defrauding insurance companies .In the face of overwhelming evidence, Mr. Caramadre pleaded guilty last year, and on Monday, a federal judge here sent him to prison for six years.Mr.
4	 At 9 p.m. Eastern time, the nation's attention — at least those Americans watching the major broadcast and cable news networks — turned squarely to Washington for President Obama's State of the Union address .But for much of the evening beforehand, the impending speech was overshadowed by news coverage of a standoff between the authorities and Christopher J. Dorner, an ex- police officer in Los Angeles who was holed up in a cabin in California . Mr. Dorner was accused of killing three people, and the police had been searching for him for a week.
4	 A new group dedicated to paving the way for a Hillary Clinton campaign in 2016 has already recruited dozens of the Democratic Party's elite donors and bundlers, effectively kicking off the presidential money hunt more than three years before Election Day.The group, Ready for Hillary, is aiming to build Mrs. Clinton a grass-roots network that would give her a prohibitive edge in any Democratic primary and a significant advantage over potential Republican rivals, channeling enthusiasm for Mrs. Clinton, a former first lady and New York senator, into Facebook hits, Twitter followers and affinity groups around the country.
3	 FRANKFURT — Hopes that the euro zone could be emerging from years of torpor suffered another setback on Thursday when an indicator of economic activity in the region slipped unexpectedly and suggested that France could be sliding back into recession .The indicator, a survey of purchasing managers published by the research firm Markit, fell to.5 in November from.9 in October, according to preliminary data, as the decline in France offset further improvement in Germany. Economists had expected the composite index for the euro zone, which tracks both manufacturing and service sectors, to rise to, according to Barclays .
2	 Because American Ballet Theater's annual eight-week New York spring season occurs at the huge Metropolitan Opera House and presents an impressive selection of stars, this block of performances has a prestigious spot on the international dance calendar. It's not unusual, however, for the company to squander large parts of the season on works that degrade ballet itself; and so again it proved this year.
3	 Even before two battery failures led to the grounding of all Boeing 787 jets this month, the lithium-ion batteries used on the aircraft had experienced multiple problems that raised questions about their reliability. Officials at All Nippon Airways, the jets' biggest operator, said in an interview on Tuesday that it replaced 10 of the batteries in the months before fire in one plane and smoke in another led regulators around the world to ground the jets.
3	  WASHINGTON — The coal industry, feeling threatened by federal efforts to promote wind and solar power, has opened a counterattack by opposing President Obama's nomination of a renewable electricity advocate to head the federal agency with jurisdiction over power lines .The Senate Energy Committee is expected to hold a hearing Tuesday on the nomination of Ronald J. Binz to head the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . Mr.
0	  ST . JOSEPH, Mo. — Jamaal Charles climbed into a green cart midway through practice Monday, favoring his right foot, and started to unbuckle his shoulder pads as he was taken to the Chiefs' locker room .Cue the hundreds of tweets speculating about his injury.By the time practice ended and coach Andy Reid finally had a chance to brief reporters — it turned out to be a strained foot and X- rays were negative — just about anybody with an interest in the Chiefs was wondering how long the Pro Bowl running back would be out.
3	 One of the longest lasting relationships on Madison Avenue, between the Gillette men's grooming brand and the BBDO advertising agency, is coming to an end. Procter & Gamble, which acquired Gillette in, said on Monday that it would shift the duties for creating advertising campaigns for the Gillette brand that appear in countries around the world to Grey from BBDO Worldwide.Procter spends hundreds of millions of dollars each year to advertise the Gillette line of men's grooming products, including the familiar shaving items like razors and blades.
0	 At another university, winning a national title in football might earn a coach a bonus, a contract extension and discounted appetizers at local restaurants .At Alabama, he gets immortalized in bronze, blown up to 9 feet. Nick Saban is the latest Crimson Tide coach whose larger-than-life likeness blocks out part of the sun on a plaza outside Bryant -Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa. The athletic department commissioned the statue, and paid for it through its nonprofit charitable wing, after Saban delivered a championship in the 2009 season.
2	  OAKLAND — It had been nearly a year since Ryan Coogler last stood on the arrival platform on the upper-level of the Fruitvale Bay Area Rapid Transit Station, where 22-year-old Oscar Grant III, unarmed and physically restrained, was shot in the back by a BART transit officer in the early hours of New Year's Day.The last time he was there, in July, Mr. Coogler, a 26-year-old first-time feature director, was filming pivotal scenes for   Fruitvale Station,  a heart-wrenching and hauntingly detailed portrayal of Grant's last day alive. The film, starring Michael B.
4	  DENVER — Television commercials have already run suggesting that buying health coverage through the state's new insurance market, Connect for Health Colorado, will feel like winning the World Series .The market's employees are traveling the state to explain how it will work, often in electric yellow T-shirts with the message,  Got Insurance ?  In the coming weeks, 400 guides will be trained to help the uninsured sign up for coverage, with some targeting groups like Hispanics, gay and lesbian citizens, and even truckers.
2	  The day will come of its own accord,  the wistful Marschallin tells her teenage lover in Strauss's  Der Rosenkavalier,  predicting their eventual separation.  Today or tomorrow, the day will come. On Dec. 13, the day finally came for the Metropolitan Opera's venerable and beloved  Rosenkavalier  production. Originally directed by Nathaniel Merrill, with glittering sets by Robert O'Hearn, it has run nearly 200 times since it had its premiere on Jan. 23, 1969.
0	 After more than 18 seasons in the major leagues, Yankees starter Andy Pettitte knows what the ball is supposed to feel like once it leaves his hand. There is a certain subtlety that makes it difficult for him to explain the feeling, but he knows by touch. He knows almost immediately after he throws a pitch how it will arrive at home plate without even seeing it land in the catcher's mitt.For the second game in a row, the ball did not feel comfortable coming out of his hand. Pettitte is releasing it at the wrong moment, and he knows it.
3	 The Spanish telecommunications giant Telefónica on Monday improved its offer for E-Plus, the German unit of KPN, winning support from KPN's biggest shareholder, América Móvil.KPN, Telefónica and América Móvil said that Telefónica had agreed to pay the equivalent of.55 billion euros, or.46 billion, for E-Plus, up from an earlier offer of.8 billion.América Móvil, which is controlled by the Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Hel, also said it still planned to go ahead with its separate.6 billion bid in cash for the remaining shares in KPN that it does not already own. The Mexican company now owns.
4	  WASHINGTON — Ken Salazar, the blunt-spoken lawyer and rancher who took over the scandal-ridden Interior Department at the outset of the Obama administration, said Wednesday that he would step down in March to return to his home in Colorado .He did not say what he intended to do after leaving Washington, and the White House gave no hint of who might succeed him.Mr. Salazar's exit, along with the announced resignation of Lisa P.
3	  WASHINGTON — Factory output surged in August as the pace of motor vehicle production jumped to a six-year high, a hopeful sign for the economy after a slow start to the third quarter.Although another report on Monday showed a slight slowdown in factory activity in New York State this month, new orders and shipments in the state rose, all pointing to an increase in manufacturing after weakening in the spring.
0	 At 7 feet tall, with broad shoulders and tree-trunk legs, Brook Lopez is massive even by N.B.A. standards. But in the Nets ' 106-89 Game 1 victory against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night at Barclays Center, Lopez repeatedly sneaked undetected into the heart of the Bulls' defense. He had six layups in the first half alone, often by expertly drifting to the blind spots of Bulls defenders to create passing angles for his teammates. The thing that makes him hard to guard is you have Deron Williams and Joe Johnson out there as well,  Bulls Coach Tom Thibodeau said.
4	 ASHEVILLE, N.C. — The day after President Obama charted an expansive new view of the government's role in society, it seemed less and less likely that many of his proposals would survive the political riptide on Capitol Hill .On Wednesday, as Mr. Obama took to the road and visited a Canadian engine-parts factory near here to sell his vision, Republicans and even some Democrats expressed doubt about whether plans to raise the minimum wage or provide universal access to prekindergarten would ever be enacted — especially on top of ambitious White House efforts on gun violence and immigration.Mr.
3	 PARIS — European Aeronautic Defense and Space, the parent company of Airbus, announced plans on Monday to cut,800 jobs from its military and space divisions over the next three years as it responds to reductions in European military budgets driven by austerity measures .The widely anticipated staff cuts, which affect,500 permanent and,300 temporary employees, represent about 5 percent of EADS's global work force of,000 people.
4	  DES MOINES — Senator Ted Cruz calls his colleague Rand Paul a  good friend.  The two men are the stars of the Tea Party movement, propelled to Washington by activist fervor and allied in their effort to restrain the reach of the federal government .But when Mr. Cruz went to New York City to meet with donors this summer, he privately offered a different view of Mr.
0	 ARLINGTON, Tex. — Four empty bottles of Champagne stand proudly in a row on the back shelf of Ron Washington's office in the Texas Rangers' clubhouse. They represent the division titles and American League pennants the team won under Washington, their manager, in 2010 and.There is no bottle from last season, when the Rangers' stay in the postseason lasted one game. They did not celebrate clinching a playoff berth, and staged no parties after the Oakland Athletics swept them in the final series of the regular season to steal the A.L. West crown.
4	 FERRIDAY, La. — In the spring of, the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington received a letter from Concordia Parish in northeastern Louisiana . Addressed to the bureau's director, J. Edgar Hoover, the letter pleaded for justice in the killing of a well-respected black merchant.A few months earlier, the businessman, Frank Morris, had come upon two white men early one morning at the front of his shoe- repair shop, one pointing a shotgun at him, the other holding a canister of gas .
2	 In, when Americans were fighting for the Pacific island of Saipan, a feisty young Mexican-American Marine named Guy Gabaldon ventured on his own behind Japanese lines, defying the orders of his commander. With a few phrases of Japanese he had learned as a boy in Los Angeles, Mr. Gabaldon coaxed enemy soldiers from caves where they were hiding, making them believe a regiment was close behind.In one day, Mr. Gabaldon single-handedly captured more than 800 Japanese fighters, an American military record. Yet when Hollywood made a movie about his exploits after the war, Mr.
2	 For the past year, Pam Tanowitz has been haunted by a ballet. Her own.When she presented  Untitled (Blue Ballet,  at the Kitchen in March, the cast included Ashley Tuttle and Brian Reeder, both veterans of American Ballet Theater . The Flux Quartet performed Morton Feldman's First String Quartet live. For Ms. Tanowitz, a modern choreographer much admired for the way she recharges classical steps, the idea of creating such a ballet had been a long-burning obsession.But the problems with the work were overwhelming.
0	 CARLSBAD, California — Switzerland's former world number one Martina Hingis said her renewed hunger for competition inspired her forthcoming comeback in doubles but she has no plans to return in singles. Hingis is teaming up with Slovak Daniela Hantuchova at this week's Southern California Open with the pair slated to play an evening match on Wednesday against Julia Goerges of Germany and Darija Jurak of Croatia. Hingis, who was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of fame just two weeks ago, has not played a WTA -level match since.
1	 For recovering alcoholics, memories associated with drinking — the smell of a bar, ice clinking in a glass — are among the greatest threats to sobriety.But what if retrieval of those memories could be blocked? Using a drug typically given to organ-transplant patients, researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, reduced the incidence of relapse in rats by disrupting memories linked to past drinking.For several weeks the researchers allowed rats to binge on alcohol. Then, after 10 days of abstinence, the rats were exposed to just a drop of alcohol — enough to awaken their memories of drinking.
3	 Or at least that's what they tell you at the company's Bee Care Center on its sprawling campus here between Düsseldorf and Cologne. Outside the cozy two- story building that houses the center is a whimsical yellow sculpture of a bee. Inside, the same image is fashioned into paper clips, or printed on napkins and mugs. Bayer is strictly committed to bee health,  said Gillian Mansfield, an official specializing in strategic messaging at the company's Bayer CropScience division. She was sitting at the center's semicircular coffee bar, which has a formidable espresso maker and, if you ask, homegrown Bayer honey.
2	 It was a far, far better thing that he did than he could have done.In Sunday night's finale of Season 6 of   Mad Men,  the alcoholic, debauched Don Draper (Jon Hamm) sacrificed himself so that a better man could take his place.That was a Sydney Carton-like act of selflessness turned upside down. Don allowed his opposite number and better self, Ted (Kevin Rahm, to take the Sunkist job in Los Angeles .
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — NASA is planning for a robotic spaceship to lasso a small asteroid and park it near the moon for astronauts to explore, a top senator said Friday.The ship would capture the 500-ton, 25-foot asteroid in. Then using an Orion space capsule, a crew of about four astronauts would nuzzle up next to the rock in 2021 for spacewalking exploration, according to a government document obtained by The Associated Press. Sen . Bill Nelson, D-Fla.
3	 In energy -friendly Wyoming, oil and gas companies are getting a clear message: Drill, baby, drill — but carefully.Last week, state regulators approved one of the nation's strongest requirements for testing water wells near drilling sites. The measure is intended to address concerns that groundwater can become contaminated from drilling activities .It is the latest of several groundbreaking regulations related to energy production issued by Wyoming, which in 2010 became the first state to require disclosure of some of the chemicals used in the drilling process known as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking.
4	 To illustrate articles about Preston Hughes III, who was convicted and sentenced to death in the 1988 stabbing deaths of a 15-year-old Houston girl and her 3-year-old cousin, several bloggers published graphic crime scene photographs last November, around the time of Mr. Hughes's execution.Andy Kahan, the head of Houston's Crime Victims Assistance Office, said it was the publication of those images, which showed the bodies of the victims, that drove him to seek a change in Texas law to limit access to crime scene photos.
4	 The Cleveland house where three kidnapped women were raped and tortured for nearly a decade was demolished by the city on Wednesday as part of a plea agreement that sent their abductor, Ariel Castro, to prison last week for life.The demolition, which took about an hour and a half, was greeted by cheers from a group that included one of his victims, Michelle Knight, who spoke briefly before the work began and released a batch of yellow balloons to remember other kidnapping victims yet to be rescued.
4	  WASHINGTON — Their relationship got off on an awful footing. In a Republican primary in his home state of Kentucky, Senator Mitch McConnell backed the establishment candidate in, blinkered to the historic Tea Party wave that swept in the political newcomer Rand Paul .Mr. Paul refused to say during the primary if he would support Mr. McConnell's re- election as the Senate Republican leader . The two appeared in Frankfort at what a McConnell aide recalled as an  incredibly awkward unity rally.  In a seven-minute introduction of Mr. Paul, Mr. McConnell uttered his name once. Mr.
4	  North Carolina lawmakers approved deep cuts to benefits for the jobless on Wednesday, in a state that has one of the nation's highest unemployment rates .In a debt -reducing effort, the Republican-controlled legislature voted to cut maximum weekly benefits to $350 from, a 35 percent drop; reduce the maximum number of weeks for collecting benefits to between 12 and 20 weeks from 26 weeks; and tighten requirements to qualify. The cuts would begin with new jobless claims on July.If the bill is signed by Gov .
4	  WASHINGTON — National health spending climbed to.7 trillion in, or an average of,700 for every person in the country, but as a share of the economy, it remained stable for the third consecutive year, the Obama administration said Monday.The rate of increase in health spending, 3.9 percent in, was the same as in 2009 and 2010 — the lowest annual rates recorded in the 52 years the government has been collecting such data.
0	  CHICAGO — Corey Crawford is having one great summer.First, he was in net when the Chicago Blackhawks stormed to their second NHL title in four seasons. Then he welcomed the Stanley Cup to his hometown of Montreal on Monday, and joined the team for the announcement of a six-year contract extension that officially stamps his arrival as one of the league's top goaltenders. It's amazing,  said Crawford, who recently got engaged and is in the mix to play for Canada in next year's Winter Olympics .
4	  WASHINGTON — Under friendly fire in the Capitol and squeezed politically at home, Senator Max Baucus of Montana, the powerful chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and a man often at odds with fellow Democrats, announced Tuesday that he would retire in 2014 after four decades in Congress .The decision by Mr. Baucus, 71, to forgo a seventh term brings to six the number of Senate Democrats who will not seek re- election next year, including many of the party's most popular and venerable senators . Mr.
3	  BRUSSELS — France's insistence on protecting its state-sponsored film and television industry could create snags in the European Union's preparations for trade talks with the United States, according to trade officials here.Ministers and diplomats were trying Wednesday to head off a showdown at a meeting planned for Friday by the Union's 27 trade ministers . The ministers plan to decide whether to give the European Commission, the Union's executive arm, formal authority to start negotiating a trans-Atlantic trade pact that President Barack Obama opened the way for in February.
3	 FRANKFURT — The Fiat stand at the motor show here on Tuesday was particularly quiet, which could be seen as a sign of weakness, or perhaps part of a clever strategy.In the face of the slowest European car sales in two decades, competitors like Opel, Renault, Ford and Peugeot were introducing new models or at least flaunting design studies at the show. But Fiat had no big news . And that was by design, the company's executives said.
3	 Nearly $250 million for Hollywood . Over $330 million for the railroad industry. More than $220 million for rum producers. And $62 million for doing business in American Samoa .While taxes are expected to increase for most Americans as a result of the deal between the White House and Congress to end the fiscal impasse in Washington, corporate America was more fortunate. A bevy of tax breaks and credits that had been scheduled to expire at the end of 2012 will be extended for another year, costing taxpayers .
2	 Gaza's 'Arab Idol': Mohammed Assaf has become an improbable tale of success for Palestinians across the globe. The 24-year-old is now riding a wave of fame after winning this year's  Arab Idol.  CHICAGO — A year ago, Mohammed Assaf was a 23-year-old wedding singer in a Gaza refugee camp . But since he won the  Arab Idol  singing competition in June, in front of more than 100 million viewers, he has become something of a pop superstar in the Arab world .Now, Mr.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Rory McIlroy was ready to get some help after a fat 42 on the back nine almost surely put him out of contention in the British Open barely after it began.Not with his swing. With his mind. Sometimes I feel like I'm walking out there and I'm unconscious,  McIlroy said. McIlroy imploded with a startling series of missed shots on the back nine Thursday on his way to a 8-over 79 that demonstrated just how much the former No. 1 player in the world is struggling with his game.
0	  Jason Kidd 's drink-spilling tactic late Wednesday night was considered both devious and ingenious. By Thursday, it had also proved costly.The N.B.A. hit Kidd with a,000 fine for  intentionally spilling a drink on the floor  when there were.3 seconds remaining in the Nets' loss to the Los Angeles Lakers at Barclays Center .With his team trailing and lacking an official timeout, Kidd bumped into one of his players while holding a beverage.
4	 RACHEL, Nev. — The Little A'Le'Inn has been an unlikely tourist destination in the Mojave Desert for nearly 25 years, selling souvenirs — from green alien coffee cups to E.T. Highway T-shirts — dedicated to the notion that we are not alone. Understandably.Nine miles up a nearby dirt road is the top-secret military installation known as Area, whose murky provenance fueled decades of speculation about extraterrestrial aliens and kept the U.F.O.-hunting tourists coming.Or rather, the top-secret military installation not known as Area 51 — at least until last week, when the C.I.A.
3	  WASHINGTON — Orders for long-lasting manufactured goods rebounded in April, buoyed by greater demand for aircraft and stronger business investment. The gains suggest economic growth may be holding steady this spring. Orders for durable goods, items expected to last at least three years, rose.3 percent last month from March, the Commerce Department said on Friday. That followed a.9 percent decline in March.A measure of business investment plans increased.2 percent, and the government revised the March figure to show a.9 percent gain, instead of a slight decrease. Companies ordered more machinery and electronic products last month, typically signs of confidence.
3	  HONG KONG — As the United States prepares for mandatory budget cuts on Friday, Hong Kong is grappling with a very different problem: spending money as fast as it sluices into government coffers .John Tsang, the financial secretary of Hong Kong, the semiautonomous Chinese territory, presented on Wednesday a budget that calls for a long list of one-time subsidies, particularly for the poor and aging. He also said the government would waive business registration fees and reduce the profits tax, particularly for small businesses .
2	 My sights are set on a swingin' girl, So hop on, baby, let's take that whirl!Yes, it sounds more like Dean Martin. But that couplet comes from Verdi, at least at the Metropolitan Opera these days. The lines are among the seat-back titles for the Met's current run of  Rigoletto,  which has its next performance on Friday night .The director, Michael Mayer, has set the production in 1960 Las Vegas, transferring the thuggish morality of the court of 16th-century Mantua to the neon-lighted, satin-jacket world of Dino, Sammy and Frank.
3	  Stocks scored modest gains on Tuesday as investors exercised restraint from making big bets in a short session before the Christmas holiday, with the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Dow once again ending on highs. Markets closed early on Tuesday and will remain shut until Thursday. Trading was extremely light during the day's abbreviated session, which ended at 1 p.m.Volume is expected to remain muted throughout the week, and the light trading could allow for greater volatility.Both the S.&P. 500 index and the Dow continued to ascend to nominal highs; the S.&P.
2	 In fact Ms. Garner — a freshly minted 19-year-old with wide-set blue eyes and lips rouged in Nars's Fire Down Below, a name that makes her blush — has become quite a big deal since her 2011 feature-film debut as a fledgling cult member in Sean Durkin's  Martha Marcy May Marlene. Though she started acting only about three years ago, she's already appeared in 10 movies, like  The Perks of Being a Wallflower,  alongside Emma Watson, and  Not Fade Away,  in a scene she said David Chase wrote for her.
2	 On a recent Friday afternoon, the soprano Lisette Oropesa was standing in a mirrored changing room inside the Metropolitan Opera's costume department playing with her wedding veil. The costume designer Brigitte Reiffenstuel looked on critically, stepping back as far as possible within the cramped space. Elise Aragon, a draper, knelt at the soprano's feet with pins cupped in her hand. Ms. Oropesa fluffed the veil with her hands and allowed the diaphanous material to settle like a mist around her face. By way of experiment, she took a few deep breaths and declared herself satisfied.
1	 One flies a fighter jet for the Marines. Another is an assistant professor of anesthesiology at Harvard Medical School . A third is a helicopter pilot for the Army . And the fourth leads the station in American Samoa of the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration .They are the four women in NASA's latest class of astronaut trainees, which also includes four men.
0	 LONDON — For a day, they were the pair who ran Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova out of town.And then, suddenly, he was plain ol' 116th-ranked Sergiy Stakhovsky again and she was 131 st -ranked Michelle Larcher de Brito.Less than 48 hours after affixing their stamp on one of the most stunning days ever at Wimbledon, Stakhovsky was sent out to Court 3 for a third-round match against Jurgen Melzer and Larcher de Brito went to court 17 to play Karin Knapp.
1	 Every family has its traditions. Researchers last week reported that Neanderthals probably not only buried family members, but sometimes reproduced with them, too. Happy holidays, everyone.In a remarkable feat of genetic extraction, scientists have reconstructed the entire genome of a,000-year-old Neanderthal from a single toe bone, yielding a bumper crop of insights. The result, described in the journal Nature, was said to be similar in quality to what scientists would achieve if they had sequenced the DNA of a living Neanderthal.Analysis revealed that the toe, found in a cave in Siberia, belonged to a female Neanderthal who was highly inbred.
4	  SAN ANTONIO — When she can focus on class, Rachel Hebert thrives as a student in the Northside Independent School District here. But Rachel, 17, has cerebral palsy, and medical complications often keep her from getting to school.When she was accused of truancy and summoned to a municipal court in October, her family was shocked. Elizabeth Hebert, her mother, was charged as a  parent contributing to nonattendance.  If they had failed to show up for court, both could have been arrested. The case was dropped after their lawyer sought the release of Rachel's attendance records. She's not truant.
3	  ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released include the S.& P./ Case -Shiller Index, the Richmond Federal Reserve manufacturing index and the Dallas Federal Reserve manufacturing index (Tuesday; the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development economic outlook, and the European Union Consumer Price Index (Wednesday; first-quarter gross domestic product, weekly initial jobless claims, pending home sales, euro zone consumer confidence and Japanese inflation (Thursday; and the Chicago purchasing managers' index for May, the University of Michigan consumer sentiment index for May and personal income and spending (Friday.
0	 The former All-Pro cornerback Nnamdi Asomugha will retire after 11 years in the N.F.L.The Raiders said Asomugha would announce his retirement officially at a news conference at team headquarters Friday.Asomugha had his greatest success in the N.F.L. with the Raiders after being drafted in the first round out of Cal in. He earned three Pro Bowl selections in eight seasons in Oakland and was a first-team All-Pro in 2008 and.Asomugha struggled after joining Philadelphia as a high-profile free agent in. After two seasons with the Eagles, Asomugha played three games with San Francisco this season before being cut last month.
0	 MADRID — Rafael Nadal will play in the Davis Cup for Spain next week for the first time since winning the 2011 final.He will team with Tommy Robredo, Fernando Verdasco and Marc Lopez for the World Group playoff against Ukraine at Madrid's Caja Magica from Sept. 13. Nadal last played for Spain in December, when he won the fourth and final point of the Davis Cup final against Argentina in Seville, earning Spain its fifth title . Nadal's absence has been due in part to a knee injury that sidelined him for seven months last season.
4	 Edward J. Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor whose leak of agency documents has set off a national debate over the proper limits of government surveillance, has been charged with violating the Espionage Act and stealing government property for disclosing classified information to The Guardian and The Washington Post, the Justice Department said on Friday.Each of the three charges unsealed on Friday carries a maximum prison sentence of 10 years, for a total of 30 years. But Mr. Snowden is likely to be indicted, and additional counts may well be added.
4	  BOSTON — When he was a boy in North Carolina in the 1960s, Michael Mack wanted to be a priest, until his priest sexually molested him. He prayed he would forget the experience, but, he said,  the memory tingled like a phantom limb. As he grew up, he revisited the moment over and over in his mind. He told no one about it, this secret that was obsessing him,  binding me to someone I never talked to, never saw, but who lived and breathed in my memory.
3	  WASHINGTON — Solar power is growing so fast in California — with installations by customers increasing tenfold since 2006 — that it is turning the state's power system upside down.In a twist that is being closely watched by power companies around the country, California utilities will install massive banks of batteries and other devices to store the power surplus created by solar panels in the afternoon, when the sun's rays are strong.
4	  WASHINGTON — The nation's unemployment rate would probably be nearly a point lower, roughly.5 percent, and economic growth almost two points higher this year if Washington had not cut spending and raised taxes as it has since, according to private-sector and government economists.After two years in which President Obama and Republicans in Congress have fought to a draw over their clashing approaches to job creation and budget deficits, the consensus about the result is clear: Immediate deficit reduction is a drag on full economic recovery .
4	  WASHINGTON — The National Security Agency violated privacy rules protecting the communications of Americans and others on domestic soil,776 times over a one-year period, according to an internal audit leaked by the former N.S.A. contractor Edward J. Snowden and made public on Thursday night .The violations, according to the May 2012 audit, stemmed largely from operator and system errors like  inadequate or insufficient research  when selecting wiretap targets.
2	  LOS ANGELES — How do you take a story born in comic books that most people know from the movies and successfully adapt it for television?If you're ABC and Marvel Entertainment, very, very carefully. Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.,  a science-fiction drama about a human espionage agency that interacts with superheroes, arrives on Sept. 24 amid a full-fledged Hollywood hype-nado. And understandably so: The series is a spinoff of  The Avengers,  a movie that took in.5 billion worldwide last year, selling roughly 78 million tickets in North America alone.
3	 Long considered San Francisco's little brother — or maybe its punk cousin — Oakland has struggled with negative perceptions wrought by crime, protests and a mediocre football team .But from grass-roots efforts to revitalize urban neighborhoods to nearly $2 billion in residential and commercial development forging ahead on the waterfront, Oakland seems to be coming into its own in the Bay Area .For better or worse, the growth has earned Oakland the designation  Brooklyn of the West,  comparing it to the New York borough with its recent renaissance and emergence from Manhattan's shadow.
1	 Our very early ancestors possessed bones in the middle ear very similar to those of modern humans, researchers are reporting. The finding suggests that hearing sensitivity is one of the oldest features of human evolution.Such changes could have had a profound effect not only on what these hominins could hear, but how they communicated.Paleoanthropologists from Binghamton University in New York analyzed the tiny middle-ear bones of two hominins from South Africa, Paranthropus robustus (which lived.8 million years ago ) and Australopithecus africanus.3 million to.1 million years ago .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama's nomination on Friday of Jeh C. Johnson as the next secretary of homeland security reignited criticism of the department and led Republicans and Democrats to blame one another for its problems.Still, Mr. Johnson does not appear to face major obstacles for confirmation by the Democratic-controlled Senate . Senator Thomas R. Carper, Democrat of Delaware, the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, praised Mr . Obama's choice, saying Mr. Johnson was nominated  at a critical time for the agency and its mission.
3	  ORLANDO — The A.F.L.-C.I.O., the nation's largest federation of unions, has issued an apparent endorsement of the Keystone XL oil pipeline — apparent because it enthusiastically called for expanding the nation's pipeline system, without specifically mentioning Keystone.And while some union leaders said the federation's stance stopped short of an official endorsement, the nation's building trades unions — eager for the thousands of jobs the pipeline would create — issued a statement saying the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s stance was a clear endorsement of the Keystone pipeline .
3	 I GREW up near Kennedy Airport, right on the border of Queens. Sometimes the approaching planes were so loud that I thought they were landing in our yard. I used to get a flashlight and go to my bedroom window and turn the thing on and off. I thought I was signaling the pilots. That's when I fell in love with aviation. I was president of a private jet company . Now, I'm in the tequila business, mostly flying to meet clients, find new clients and check on production. I even named the brand Avión, the Spanish word for plane.
3	 ASBEST, Russia — This city of about,000 people on the eastern slopes of the Ural Mountains is a pleasant enough place to live except for one big drawback: when the wind picks up, clouds of carcinogenic dust blow through.Asbest means asbestos in Russian, and it is everywhere here. Residents describe layers of it collecting on living room floors. Before they take in the laundry from backyard lines, they first shake out the asbestos.  When I work in the garden, I notice asbestos dust on my raspberries,  said Tamara A. Biserova, a retiree .
4	 Six weeks into the rollout of President Obama's new health care law, some of the online insurance exchanges run by states are continuing to have serious technological problems, often mirroring the issues plaguing the much larger federal exchange .In Oregon, the computer system cannot accurately determine whether people qualify for federal subsidies or Medicaid, so the exchange has hired 400 temporary workers to process thousands of lengthy paper applications while the problem is fixed.In Vermont, customers are unable to pay for the plans they choose because of technical problems .
4	  BOSTON — Kevin Weeks, once a surrogate son of the notorious South Boston crime boss James (Whitey) Bulger, issued a threat from the witness stand to Mr. Bulger's lawyer in Federal District Court here on Tuesday.Mr. Weeks, a key government witness, had testified that he watched Mr. Bulger kill four men and one woman. Sometimes, he said, Mr. Bulger would then go lie down, leaving others to clean up the bloody mess.So when it was time for cross-examination, Mr. Bulger's lawyer, J. W. Carney Jr., painted Mr.
2	  CHICAGO — Claiming an ever-smaller slice of the cultural pie and with fewer media outlets to spread the word, orchestras and their conductors struggle for visibility these days. But there are signs that Riccardo Muti, the music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra since, has solved the problem better than most.Over a few days here during the summer, he encountered an earnest young priest who tried to kiss his hand. (Mr. Muti, 72, demurred.) And a disheveled woman slumped against the facade of the Chicago Cultural Center recognized him as he walked into an event.
2	  It's kind of like, you know, going to the lion's den,  Dallas Akins says before performing Trinculo's monologue from Shakespeare's  Tempest  for the actress Kathleen Turner.  She seems like someone you wouldn't want to mess with.  A YoungArts Masterclass,  the HBO documentary series from the filmmakers Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon, follows Mr. Akins and other creative types in workshops sponsored by the National YoungArts Foundation, which has provided scholarships and mentoring to high school artists.
4	 Following backlash over the rocky institution of a new student assessment system last spring, Texas lawmakers are scrambling to scale back the requirements they passed four years ago . As the Legislature tackles such reform, attention is also focused on another area of education policy: high school graduation requirements.Wrapped up in legislation that reduces the number of state -mandated standardized exams are several measures that redefine the curriculum prescribed for a high school diploma in favor of loosening the required courses for graduation.
0	 BROOKLINE, Mass. — There had been so many chances before, including a near miss at his home course outside Philadelphia five years earlier . So by the time 38-year-old Jay Sigel pummeled David Tolley, 8 and, in the final round of the 1982 United States Amateur, his relief was palpable.He was, finally, the Amateur champion, the title the capstone to a career that would span more than three decades. Making it even better to Sigel, a serious student of golf, was the place where he won: the Country Club, a course steeped in history.
4	  CHICAGO — After a year of unfruitful attempts to solve Illinois's fiscal crisis, Gov . Pat Quinn used his State of the State address on Wednesday to implore legislators again to curb pensions costs that he said were  squeezing out education, public safety and other vital services to the tune of $17 million a day.  Let there be no mistake,  Mr. Quinn said,  our state is at a critical juncture.
3	 A line of Mini Coopers, each attached to the regional power grid by a thick cable plugged in where a gasoline filler pipe used to be, no longer just draws energy . The power now flows two ways between the cars and the electric grid, as the cars inject and suck power in tiny jolts, and get paid for it.This nascent form of electric car commerce will be announced on Friday by the University of Delaware, the regional grid operator and an electric company .
0	  FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Tom Brady glanced down at his left knee brace, the one he wasn't wearing when he was injured last week.It was on at practice Monday, with some encouragement from Patriots owner Robert Kraft. Mr. Kraft felt pretty strongly about me wearing it,  Brady told a pack of reporters.  He said, 'What's the problem?' I said, 'I'll wear it. I'll wear it.' No sense taking chances with the two-time NFL MVP and the key to the success of New England's rebuilt offense.
4	 NEW ORLEANS — Karen Sandoval's promising life in this city fell apart in one day last summer when she went to buy school supplies for her two daughters.Ms. Sandoval, a Honduran immigrant here illegally, was riding with the man her girls have always called their father. Immigration agents, seeing a dilapidated car, pulled them over. They released Ms. Sandoval but detained her partner, a Nicaraguan also here illegally, and he was soon deported.Now Ms. Sandoval, 28, is grieving her loss and scrambling to support her children without her partner, Enrique Morales, and the income from his thriving flooring business .
4	 When Tom Clements, the head of Colorado's prison system, was shot to death at his front door last month, the killing seemed a planned assassination by a white supremacist gang.The authorities in Texas said they were looking into the possibility that the suspect, Evan S. Ebel, might also have been involved in the fatal shooting of a Kaufman County prosecutor in January. Reports linked Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — An hour before her colleagues gathered for their first vote of a new Congress, Senator Kelly Ayotte slipped into an empty Senate chamber to savor the grandeur of her legislative home. As Ms. Ayotte, a freshman Republican from New Hampshire, sat down at the wooden desk where generations of lawmakers from her state had cast their votes, a doorman marched toward her with purpose.The desks, he sternly told her, were for senators only.Ms. Ayotte's induction that January day in 2011 into the most rarefied ranks of the nation's political class — female senators — had begun.
3	 Imagine the pressure on Mathew Martoma, the 38-year-old former portfolio manager at SAC Capital Advisors charged with insider trading who may — or may not — be in a position to implicate Steven A. Cohen, the hedge fund's billionaire founder and owner.So far, Mr. Martoma has defiantly asserted his innocence and refused to cooperate with prosecutors . He could change his mind, but the clock is ticking. The government faces a mid-July deadline when it must decide whether to seek criminal charges against Mr. Cohen relating to the trades at the center of Mr. Martoma's case .
4	 Although the crowd of clubs and concert halls on Sixth Street, the famed Austin thoroughfare, is just a few blocks from the State Capitol, the worlds of live music and policy making seldom meet. But this session, lawmakers are considering subsidizing live music .House Bill, by Representative Mark Strama, Democrat of Austin, would cut in half the tax on mixed beverages for businesses that stage live music at least four nights a week for 45 weeks a year, provided they prove that they will spend the savings putting on concerts.Mr. Strama proposed the bill with his hometown in mind.
2	 I was taking classes at Groundlings, but I wasn't an official Groundling yet. My manager kept sending my videotapes to Marci Klein a longtime  SNL  producer and Ayala Cohen the former head of the show's talent department, over and over and over again. I wanted to be the next Dana Carvey. This was my ultimate goal . If I ever cut into a birthday cake and made a wish, I would wish to be on   Saturday Night Live .
4	  HOUSTON — A small meeting of a group seeking tougher gun laws was interrupted Saturday at a suburban Dallas restaurant when the woman who helped organize it saw something outside that startled her: at least two dozen men and women in the parking lot with shotguns, hunting rifles, AR-15s and AK-47s.The scene unfolded near AT&T Stadium in the suburb of Arlington about 30 minutes after three women associated with the local chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America met inside the Blue Mesa Grill.
2	  The Killing,  a spooky crime thriller set in a rain-soaked Seattle that was canceled after its second season, then revived, returns to AMC this Sunday for a third season with a new case, a mostly new cast and a conundrum.The deal that helped save the show — AMC is sharing licensing costs and distribution rights with Netflix — might just as easily imperil it.
3	  CHICAGO — On a stormy evening this spring, nurses at Dr. Gary Stuck's family practice were on the phone with patients with heart ailments, asking them not to shovel snow . The idea was to keep them out of the hospital, and that effort — combined with dozens more like it — is starting to make a difference: across the city, doctors are providing less, but not worse, health care .For most health care providers, that would be cause for alarm. But not for Advocate Health Care, based in Oak Brook, Ill.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Jeff Bianchi drove in two runs with a 10th- inning single up the middle, and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St . Louis Cardinals 6-4 on Saturday night . Joe Kelly (0-2) allowed runs for the first time in five appearances and took the loss. He allowed two hits and a walk in one inning for the Cardinals, who fell to 0-3 in extra-inning games.John Axford (1-3) gave up one hit and two walks in 1 1-3 innings to earn the win.
0	  UNITED NATIONS — Tennis star Martina Navratilova and U.S. basketball player Jason Collins said on Tuesday the International Olympic Committee has not done enough to defend the rights of gay athletes ahead of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.Russia triggered angry criticism and even calls to boycott the Sochi Games when, in June, it banned spreading   gay propaganda   to minors. Critics denounced the law as discriminatory and a curb on rights to free speech and assembly.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The Giants faced fourth-and-goal at the 2- yard line late in the opening half of Saturday night's preseason game against the Jets when Eli Manning looked for Hakeem Nicks on a fade pattern. He later estimated that he underthrew the ball by a foot, the difference between allowing Nicks to snag it for a touchdown and having safety Dawan Landry render the pass incomplete. It's not a bad play,  Manning said.  We just didn't execute good enough.
3	 Powerful and lightweight, lithium-ion batteries are the perfect power source for modern gadgets . But ubiquitous as they are, their short history has also been fraught with problems — they have caught fire in cellphones, laptop computers and electric cars, and even destroyed a small Navy submarine.Now, federal investigators are trying to determine why a lithium-ion battery caught fire in Boeing's long-awaited 787 Dreamliner last week, and they have grounded the planes until they figure it out.
3	 As President Obama begins an annual meeting with the leaders of some of the world's richest nations on Monday in Northern Ireland, the economic-policy gulf that has divided them since the global crash in 2008 has narrowed significantly — just not exactly in ways that the White House would have liked.The Europeans lately have slightly eased their austerity policies, after four years of deep spending cuts and rising taxes that many economists blame for keeping the Continent in recession long after America's ended.
3	  WASHINGTON — Janet L. Yellen, President Obama's choice to lead the Federal Reserve for the next four years, plans to tell senators at her confirmation hearing on Thursday that continuing the Fed's enormous stimulus campaign is the best way to revive the economy and hasten the program's end.Ms. Yellen's prepared remarks, as expected, amount to an affirmation of the Fed's current course, which she has helped create over the last three years as a crucial supporter of the current chairman, Ben S. Bernanke. She praised Mr . Bernanke for  wise and skillful leadership.
0	  SAN DIEGO — Tyler Chatwood took a shutout into the seventh inning and the Colorado Rockies beat skidding San Diego 4-2 on Monday night, handing the Padres their 10th consecutive defeat. Wilin Rosario hit a two-run double and Jonathan Herrera drove in a run with a bunt to help the Rockies end a three-game slide with their second victory in eight games. They have won nine of 11 against San Diego this season. Chatwood (5-2) allowed two runs and five hits in a season-high 6 2-3 innings. He walked four and struck out three.
3	 CHANGSHA, China — China is slowing down, but the buildings keep going up — until now. China is home to 60 of the world's 100 tallest buildings now under construction. But the skyward aspirations of Changsha, the capital of Hunan province, have inspired incredulity tinged with hostility.Broad Group, a manufacturer based here in Changsha, has been planning to erect the world's tallest building here this winter, and in record time. The 202-story  Sky City  is supposed to be assembled in only four months from factory -built modules of steel and concrete early next year on the city's outskirts.
4	 MARSHALL, Mo. — As a Democrat facing a State Legislature with veto-proof Republican majorities, Gov . Jay Nixon of Missouri has not claimed big victories lately. So when he began stumping the state against a deep Republican tax cut that he had vetoed, he might have seemed to be on a political fool's errand.But over the summer, Mr. Nixon has turned the debate away from the Republican argument that lower taxes bring jobs and recast the tax cut as one that would hurt education and mental health services . The state's school boards have rallied to his side.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Gov . Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that critics said would have hindered the use of cheaper versions of high-priced biotechnology drugs, providing a victory for health plans and generic drug companies over brand-name pharmaceutical manufacturers .In a veto message on Saturday, Mr. Brown said the bill was premature because federal regulators had not even determined the standards governing the cheaper drugs.
1	 A species of frog that was used from the 1930s to the 1950s in human pregnancy tests is a carrier of a deadly amphibian disease that is now threatening hundreds of other species of frogs and salamanders.The species, the African clawed frog, was shipped across the world for use in human pregnancy tests, until a different method evolved for determining whether a woman is pregnant. Released to the wild, the frogs are now proving to be a threat to other animals on multiple continents.
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, the House majority leader, has been trying for months to remake the image of the Republican Party, from one of uncompromising conservatism to something kinder and gentler.It isn't working so well.On Wednesday, Republican leaders abruptly shelved one of the centerpieces of Mr. Cantor's  Making Life Work  agenda — a bill to extend insurance coverage to people with pre-existing medical conditions — in the face of a conservative revolt . Last month, legislation to streamline worker retraining programs barely squeaked through.
2	 The Bolshoi Ballet has drawn more notice recently in the United States for the offstage acid attack on its artistic director, Sergei Filin, than for its onstage artistry and virtuosity, but that could change next year when the company plans a series of tour dates in Washington and New York.The themes of betrayal and vengeance will be back onstage, where they belong, when the company returns to Washington from May 20 through 25 to dance  Giselle  at the Kennedy Center .
2	 When Romanthony died earlier this month, word of the news took almost two weeks to reach the dance music community that he'd been so vital to. But that wasn't a surprise for this house music producer and singer, who'd move in and out of reclusive periods, preferring to work in relative anonymity, even as his records spoke loudly. An influential figure but by no means a prolific one, Romanthony (born Anthony Moore) sang with a combination of ecstasy and restraint, and his catalog of material from the mid and late 1990s (often on his own imprint Black Male Records) remains vibrant.
3	 The stock market started November on a strong note as investors reacted to an expansion in American manufacturing last month.The improvement came during what could have been a difficult month for the United States economy, after a partial government shutdown that lasted 16 days and a narrowly averted default on the federal government's debt, which could have rattled financial markets . With what happened in the last two months, it's amazing how strong this market has been,  said Robert C. Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management .The Institute for Supply Management reported that its manufacturing index increased to.
4	  WASHINGTON — For the past two years, Republican senators facing re- election have very deliberately spent millions of dollars, hired multiple consultants and cast scores of conservative votes with one goal in mind: avoiding the embarrassing primary conflagrations that befell their party in 2010 and 2012 and cost Republicans a chance at taking back the Senate .It has not worked.
4	 DANVERS, Mass. — On the morning of Oct. 22, Philip Chism, a 14-year-old student and soccer player, took a ski mask, gloves, multiple changes of clothes and a box-cutter with him to school, according to the police .Mr. Chism was later seen in surveillance videos from cameras at Danvers High School putting on the gloves and pulling the hood of a sweatshirt over his head as he followed his math teacher, Colleen Ritzer, 24, into a school bathroom, the police said in court papers released Friday.
0	  SAN ANTONIO — It was fair to wonder, as Manu Ginobili staggered and drifted across eight days and four games, whether a glorious era was fading at last, whether the time of Timmy and Tony and Manu was nearing its fateful end on the muddy banks of the San Antonio River.There had been doubts before, these last several years, but they seemed more urgent now, with the aging Spurs dueling the Miami Heat in the finals, San Antonio's championship window perhaps reduced to mere days.
2	  All the Southerners think we're Yanks, and all the Yanks think we're Southerners, and all the Midwesterners think we're east,  he said.  Everybody's always wrong about Louisville . That's kind of why I love it so much. Mr. James, 34, the frontman and songwriter for the rock band My Morning Jacket, and a frequent collaborator with other indie artists, defies expectations himself: an arena rocker who got there without radio play, a rootsy Bonnaroo festival mainstay who is comfortable shredding.
0	 SALVADOR, Brazil — Diego Forlan celebrated his 100th cap with a goal at the start of the second half to secure Uruguay a 2-1 win over Nigeria and all but guarantee their place in next week's Confederations Cup semi-finals .The result continued Uruguay's undefeated record against African opponents in 12 encounters and left them hot favourites to join Spain in the last four.Nigeria must now beat the reigning world champions and hope Uruguay falter against minnows Tahiti .
3	 SANT SADURNÍ D'ANOIA, Spain — Sparkling Cava wine has become an emblem of Catalonia as one of the strongest exports from Spain's northeastern region. Over the last decade, annual shipments of cava have climbed about 50 percent, to 161 million bottles.Which is why cava's producers show no desire to embrace the Catalan secessionist drive that is posing a serious challenge to Spain's central government, led by Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy .
2	  When I was 20 years old, I had no plans to ever be a filmmaker,  said the director Spike Jonze, cozy in a cotton button-down oxford shirt and a crew-neck sweatshirt, even on a stiff couch in a bland, beige Hell's Kitchen video-editing suite.  Me and my friends had BMX magazines and skate magazines, and I was a photographer who made skate videos. There was just no way that would have ever even crossed my mind. In the two decades since Mr.
4	 HALTOM CITY, Tex. — Exactly 100 days after the legislative filibuster that defied the Republican establishment and turned her into a Democratic star, State Senator Wendy Davis announced Thursday that she would run for governor, opening an underdog campaign to lead a state that last sent a Democrat to the governor's mansion nearly 23 years ago .Standing before an estimated,000 supporters at a modest redbrick arena in the working-class community where she received her high school diploma in, Ms.
2	  What's interesting is the possible misunderstanding,  said the novelist Justine Lévy, referring to the nuanced French title of her 2009 roman à clef.  It leaves room for all interpretations. Ms. Lévy, 38, was initially known here as a daughter: her father is the writer-philosopher Bernard-Henri Lévy, and her mother was the model Isabelle Doutreluigne, who died in.
4	  WASHINGTON — In the dining room of their town house here, David Huebner and John Barabino were the picture of prosperous domesticity this week. A housekeeper padded about, work on their outdoor patio continued and their 3-year-old son, Miles, napped upstairs.But together, they put a human face on an uncomfortable truth: Mr. Huebner and Mr. Barabino's union, although legal, is still not equal to that of their heterosexual friends, even after historic Supreme Court rulings to grant federal benefits to legally married gay couples and restore same-sex marriage in California .
1	 NASA's planet-hunting Kepler spacecraft has been shut down by the failure of one of the reaction wheels that keep it pointed, the space agency announced Wednesday . I wouldn't call Kepler down and out yet,  said John Grunsfeld, a former astronaut and Hubble repairman who is NASA's associate administrator for space science, at a news conference .
3	 The stock market rose on Monday, after its worst week since August, as upbeat economic data from the United States and Europe bolstered investors' optimism ahead of the Federal Reserve's policy-making meeting later this week. Investors have tried to guess when the Fed will start winding down its market -friendly $85 billion in monthly bond purchases . Some expect it to begin tapering off purchases as late as March.
0	  INDIANAPOLIS — On Friday afternoon, Indiana Pacers Coach Frank Vogel stood alongside the court at Bankers Life Fieldhouse with a group of reporters who playfully tried baiting him into giving an impromptu performance of the basketball trick he invented more than 25 years ago, the one he had once performed on   Late Night With David Letterman . Vogel demurred.  I thought that video was deleted,  he said.Few things on the Internet die so conveniently.
4	  CHICAGO — Seeking to repair one of the nation's worst -financed public pension systems, legislative leaders in Illinois on Friday began urgently trying to sell a rescue plan that cuts cost-of-living increases for retirees, raises the age of retirement for some employees, and sets a cap on pensions for those with the highest salaries .The details of the proposed deal to save $160 billion over 30 years were handed out to rank-and-file lawmakers as the state's leaders sought to solve the state's pension crisis and move beyond many months of contentious debate.
3	 Long before oil was discovered in the North Sea in the mid-20th century, industrial pioneers led by a chemist named James Young, nicknamed  Paraffin,  figured out how to extract mineral oil from the rich coal and shale deposits in this part of Scotland. The network of small refineries that sprang up in the area shipped some of their output from the docks at Grangemouth on the Firth of Forth, an inlet that runs deep into central Scotland.
0	 (Reuters) - Statbox on Tiger Woods after the 37-year-old American won his 79th PGA Tour title at the WGC - Bridgestone Invitational at Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio on Sunday:* His 79th victory on the PGA Tour came in his 290th career start.* Leaves him just three shy of matching Sam Snead's record of 82 career wins on the U.S. circuit.* It was Woods' eighth victory at Firestone, equalling the record he already shared with Snead for most wins in a single PGA Tour event .
0	  BOSTON — The suspense had long since dissipated, along with the Boston Celtics ' spirit, but Carmelo Anthony was still on the parquet floor late Friday, dribbling, firing, skipping with a childlike glee and then, finally, making a slow, purposeful walk to the bench.A faint chorus of  M.V.P.  chants accompanied him — a final, appreciative salute from the few dozen Knicks loyalists at TD Garden .If Anthony lingered a bit longer than necessary, staying on the court until 94 seconds remained in an eventual 90-76 rout, the indulgence was understandable.
4	  MIAMI — The glitches in the new electronic health care sign-up system began almost immediately at the Jessie Trice Community Health Center, in one of this city's poorest neighborhoods, and they never let up.With a potential applicant by her side, Linda J. Lott, a certified application counselor, stood at her computer terminal and typed the word   Florida   into the insurance exchange network Web site . The system is down at the moment,  it read.She smiled at Wesley Trumpler, 47, and explained,  We've had some slow times getting on, and we're unable to get started.
4	  Federal officials will hold a town hall meeting on the Spirit Lake Indian Reservation in North Dakota this month to discuss the reservation's child sexual abuse problem, which last year led the federal government to take over the tribe's social services program.Residents have complained that the Bureau of Indian Affairs and federal prosecutors have done too little to stop child abuse, which officials acknowledge is commonplace on Spirit Lake and has reached epidemic levels, whistle-blowers say. North Dakota's senators and a representative are expected to attend the meeting .
3	 PARIS — What is left for Europe's mainstream center-left?Socialist and social democratic parties that shaped the protective European social model and ruled much of the Continent a decade ago have been among the chief political casualties of the financial and economic crisis since. More than just a cyclical trough, this may be a longer-term decline, because the left has lost its political narrative.Polling evidence shows that many young and blue-collar voters, angry about mass unemployment and government spending cuts, have deserted to protest parties of the anti-capitalist hard left or the euroskeptical, anti-immigrant far right, as the political landscape fragments.
2	 At only 21 the charismatic Russian pianist Daniil Trifonov has already reached aremarkable number of milestones. Win the Tchaikovsky and Rubinstein competitions ? Check. Debut with the New York Philharmonic ? Check. And on Tuesday he will enjoy the most prestigious prize of all — aWith his virtuoso chops and mature interpretive insights, Mr. Trifonov's rapid rise is easy to understand.He is  a thoughtful artist and, when so moved, he can play with soft-spoken delicacy, not what you associate with competition conquerors,   Anthony Tommasini wrote in a 2011 review in The New York Times .
2	 Not that someone made a television mini-series out of the 1948 Norman Mailer novel, though that would have been an improvement over a number of shows offered in. It was a naked-and-dead year because actual nakedness and actual deadness seemed to be in unusually abundant supply, at least in certain parts of the TV spectrum . Let's take a look back:THE NAKED It doesn't take much to start a stampede in the world of reality shows — put one pawnshop owner or gator wrangler or tattoo artist on TV, and suddenly they're everywhere. And so it was with nudes.
4	  HOUSTON — Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, the military psychiatrist sentenced to death this week in the shooting rampage at Fort Hood in November, will be forced to shave his beard on death row, Army officials announced on Friday. Major Hasan, a Muslim, grew the beard for religious reasons in violation of Army grooming regulations  and said he did not want to die without a beard because being clean-shaven was a sin. A military appeals court vacated a judge's order that he be forcibly shaved, and he wore a thick beard and camouflage fatigues throughout his trial.
4	 It may seem early to be thinking about the redistribution of House seats that will take place after the Census in, but one state, Rhode Island, is being forced to because its population is declining.The tiny state was already singled out a year ago as one likely to lose one of its two House seats in 2020 after the Census Bureau released its estimated population figures.Now, there is further evidence that Rhode Island's second seat could be on the chopping block.
2	 The actor Michael B. Jordan, flash in a gray-and-black Calvin Klein tuxedo and Christian Louboutin loafers, stood posing on the red carpet at the Gotham Independent Film Awards and felt one thing:   Growth,  he said.  One of those weird steppingstones that you've got to go through as an actor.  I remember getting whisked by these carpets,  he explained at the awards on Monday night, recalling earlier moments in the limelight when a photographer might snap one shot and move on.   'Nobody else is taking pictures ?' O.K., cool. Mr.
4	  SYRACUSE (AP) — A man accused of killing a Syracuse woman and raping her 10-year-old daughter during a carjacking was beaten and his nose was broken on his first day in jail, the authorities said.The man, David Renz, was arraigned Friday morning at a court in East Syracuse on charges that he abducted the mother and daughter as they left a gymnastics class in Clay, N.Y., a Syracuse suburb.The police said the girl was raped and her mother was stabbed to death before their attacker fled into the woods .
4	  WASHINGTON — Sean Jackson, like tens of thousands of other Americans, has had trouble signing up for medical coverage using the HealthCare. gov insurance marketplace, despite several attempts. I was able to create an account on Oct. 2, and I haven't been able to get into there since,  said Mr. Jackson, a sports journalist living in Ohio, a note of annoyance in his voice.  I'll try at random times, like late at night or early in the morning. I sign in. It just goes to a blank screen.
0	 From the moment he took over the moribund Toronto Raptors last month, Tim Leiweke vowed to make some significant changes to return the team to competitiveness in the Eastern Conference .It didn't take him long to show everyone that he means business .Leiweke lured Masai Ujiri away from the Denver Nuggets on Friday, giving the Raptors the reigning NBA executive of the year and a rising star among the league's front office ranks. We feel very lucky to have Masai in our organization,  Leiweke said in a statement issued by the team.
2	 A Night at the Bates Motel: The Times reporter Neil Genzlinger spends a night on the set of A&E's  Bates Motel,  a TV series that is a prequel to Hitchcock's  Psycho.  He even takes a shower.ALDERGROVE, BRITISH COLUMBIA — Say what you will about Norma Bates's notorious motel and her unusually vigilant child-rearing practices. The woman makes a darn good breakfast.That conclusion is drawn not from speculation but from experience: I am the only person ever to survive a night at the most recent reincarnation of the Bates Motel. Oh, and a shower too.
4	  WASHINGTON — With the government reopened and a debt default averted for now, Congressional negotiators on Thursday plunged into difficult budget talks to avoid a repeat crisis within months, and quickly agreed to lower their sights from the sort of grand bargain that has eluded the two parties for three years.After approval late Wednesday of the agreement ending the standoff, the deal-making mantle shifted overnight from the leaders of the Senate to the Budget Committee leaders, Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington, and Representative Paul D .
4	 Over the last two years, government watchdog groups filed more than a dozen complaints with the Internal Revenue Service seeking inquiries into whether large nonprofit organizations like those founded by the Republican political operative Karl Rove and former Obama administration aides had violated their tax-exempt status by spending tens of millions of dollars on political advertising.During the same period, the agency singled out dozens of Tea Party -inspired groups that had applied for I.R.S. recognition, officials acknowledged on Friday, subjecting them to rounds of detailed questioning about their political activities .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Internal Revenue Service official who first disclosed that the agency had targeted conservative groups for special scrutiny, and in doing so ignited a controversy that has ensnared the White House, denied on Wednesday that she had ever provided false information to Congress . She then invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and declined to testify at a House hearing on the agency's actions.As the official, Lois Lerner, appeared under subpoena before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, she sternly told her questioners that accusations that she had misled Congress in previous testimony were false.
1	 Circumcision for AIDS prevention is increasing rapidly in eastern and southern Africa, according to newly released figures.Unaids, the United Nations agency fighting the disease, said about.2 million African men had been voluntarily circumcised since word began spreading in 2007 of studies showing that it lowered the risk of infection by about 60 percent. The goal is to circumcise more than 20 million by.Many news reports have quoted women saying they believe that circumcised men are  cleaner  or  safer.
0	  BOSTON — Alex Rodriguez responded to being hit by a pitch the best way he knows how — with a home run .And his teammates followed his lead. It was awesome. I was pretty excited,  Rodriguez said of the homer that started the Yankees' go-ahead rally.  It was the ultimate payback.  Rodriguez was hit by a fastball his first time up and then hit the 649th homer of his career to start a four-run sixth inning that carried New York to a 9-6 win over the Boston Red Sox on Sunday night .
0	 SOUTHPORT, England — Gene Sauers mastered a stiff breeze to shoot a 3-under 67 Thursday for a one-stroke lead after the first round of the Senior British Open .The 50-year-old American had all pars on the front nine for a 34 at sunny Royal Birkdale. He then birdied the 10th and bogeyed the 11th. His three successive birdies from the 15th left him at 33 for the back nine. I hit a lot of solid shots in the wind, so it didn't really mess with me too much,  Sauers said.  I'm really pleased with the way I played.
0	 PARIS — Factbox on Rafa Nadal who won his eighth French Open tennis title on Sunday:* His uncle Miguel Angel Nadal enjoyed a successful career as a professional footballer, notably for Barcelona and Spain.* The naturally right-handed Nadal switched to being a left-handed player after his coach and mentor Toni Nadal, also his uncle, noted that it would give him a huge advantage on court .* Became first man since Swede Mats Wilander in 1982 to win the French Open title on debut with a four-set victory over Argentine Mariano Puerta in June.
0	  BALTIMORE — Paul Blair, the eight-time Gold Glove center fielder who helped the Baltimore Orioles win a pair of World Series titles while gliding to make catches that former teammates still marvel at more than four decades later, has died. He was.Blair died Thursday night at Sinai Hospital of Baltimore, according to a hospital spokeswoman.Blair's wife, Gloria, told The Baltimore Sun, that Blair played a round of golf with friends Thursday morning and later lost consciousness at a celebrity bowling tournament in Pikesville. Paul was honestly too tired, but he never says no,  Gloria Blair told the newspaper .
1	 In the annals of genetics, the deer mouse has so far played only a small role. The major work has been done in nematodes, fruit flies or laboratory mice — a variety of inbred strains coming originally from the house mouse (Mus musculus) — with a few other species, like the three-spined stickleback, finning in the background.But the deer mouse (there are many species, all in the genus Peromyscus) is the choice of the Harvard biologist Hopi E. Hoekstra for her studies of genetics and behavior.
3	  OTTAWA — Faced with uncertainty over its proposed Keystone XL pipeline, which would link Canada's oil sands with the American Gulf Coast, TransCanada said on Thursday that it would build a pipeline to eastern Canada .The pipeline company announced that it would proceed with a $12 billion pipeline that could move up to.1 million barrels a day to New Brunswick, to serve a region that now relies on imported crude oil for the overwhelming majority of its supply .
1	 Humans have no exclusive claim on intelligence . Across the animal kingdom, all sorts of creatures have performed impressive intellectual feats. A bonobo named Kanzi uses an array of symbols to communicate with humans. Chaser the border collie knows the English words for more than,000 objects. Crows make sophisticated tools, elephants recognize themselves in the mirror, and dolphins have a rudimentary number sense.And reptiles? Well, at least they have their looks.In the plethora of research over the past few decades on the cognitive capabilities of various species, lizards, turtles and snakes have been left in the back of the class.
4	  WASHINGTON — Rebecca M. Blank was a top candidate in 2011 to lead President Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers, but then the White House turned up something politically dangerous. A commitment to economic justice necessarily implies a commitment to the redistribution of economic resources, so that the poor and the dispossessed are more fully included in the economic system,  Ms. Blank, a noted poverty researcher, wrote in. With advisers wary of airing those views in a nomination fight, Mr. Obama passed over Ms.
2	 A man returns to his hometown after 20 years abroad. Something is clearly amiss. Neighbors are unaccountably hostile. The family farm is seemingly under siege. His estranged brother greets him with an ax in hand for a reunion rendered all the more tense by a rock crashing through the window. Aftermath,  a Polish thriller written and directed by Wladyslaw Pasikowski, has affinities with American  guilty town  westerns like  Bad Day at Black Rock  and  High Plains Drifter.
4	  WASHINGTON — The federal government is making progress on developing a surveillance system that would pair computers with video cameras to scan crowds and automatically identify people by their faces, according to newly disclosed documents and interviews with researchers working on the project. The Department of Homeland Security tested a crowd-scanning project called the Biometric Optical Surveillance System — or BOSS — last fall after two years of government -financed development. Although the system is not ready for use, researchers say they are making significant advances.
2	  The Metropolitan Opera House has been justly acclaimed for its excellent acoustics. And not just in the choice seats. Many opera buffs assert that the best seats in the house are the most affordable ones: up in the balcony and family circle.A small number of opera houses and concert halls around the world have introduced sound enhancement systems, sometimes openly, sometimes stealthily. But the Met is and always will be an amplification-free zone, the company maintains, a place where opera can be experienced the traditional way — with natural sound.
4	  WASHINGTON — Most of the biggest challenges facing the Environmental Protection Agency — climate change, major new regulations on power plant emissions, biofuels production and enforcement of clean air and water laws — were virtually absent from Thursday's confirmation hearing for President Obama's nominee to head the agency, Gina McCarthy .
4	  CHICAGO — David C. Headley, an American who confessed to helping plan the deadly 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai, India, was sentenced here on Thursday to 35 years in prison, the maximum sought by federal prosecutors .Balancing what was described in court as a  very heinous crime   and  very significant cooperation,  the ruling came after lawyers for the government and the defense urged Judge Harry D. Leinenweber of Federal District Court to downgrade Mr. Headley's punishment from life in prison .
3	 WHEAT THINS have been sold in the cracker aisle at supermarkets since they were introduced by Nabisco in, but these days marketers for the brand are loath to call them crackers.Rather than as a platform for cheese or dips, Wheat Thins are marketed as an unaccompanied snack. The word crackers, once printed on the front of the box, has been replaced with the word snacks, and even the nutrition panel has banished the word, where a serving size in the original flavor is  15 pieces.
4	  WASHINGTON — The National Security Agency 's dominant role as the nation's spy warehouse has spurred frequent tensions and turf fights with other federal intelligence agencies that want to use its surveillance tools for their own investigations, officials say.Agencies working to curb drug trafficking, cyberattacks, money laundering, counterfeiting and even copyright infringement complain that their attempts to exploit the security agency's vast resources have often been turned down because their own investigations are not considered a high enough priority, current and former government officials say.
3	 THE phone rings again at Pasadena Pawn and Gun, and a familiar question comes down the line:  Got any ARs? The answer is no. Pasadena Pawn and Gun, a gun retailer and pawnshop 15 miles south of Baltimore, is pretty much sold out of America's most wanted gun, the AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle. Since the massacre in Newtown, Conn., in December, the AR, the military-style weapon that the police say was used in the shootings, has been selling fast here and across the nation.Before Newtown, the rifles sold for about,100, on average. Now some retailers charge twice that.
0	 (Reuters) - Matt Kemp is miffed about losing out on the 2011 National League MVP award to Ryan Braun, but the trophy will remain with the Milwaukee Brewers outfielder who was suspended this week for violating MLB's doping policy.Kemp, runner-up in the 2011 voting, has said Braun should be stripped of the award, but the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) does not revisit awards they have bestowed.
2	 If Dr. Giggles ever took the Hippocratic Oath, his eyes must have glazed at the  abstain from doing harm  part. Otoscopes are meant to examine noses and ears, not be plunged into brains. But often in horror movies, doctors don't heal, scalpels aren't for surgery and  medicine  only makes life worse. Fans know that syringes crave eyeballs, not upper arms.In the new plastic-surgery -themed horror film  American Mary,  directed by the twin sisters Jen and Sylvia Soska, the role of evil doctor undergoes gender-bending twists.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Rusted pieces of two Apollo-era rocket engines that helped boost astronauts to the moon have been fished out of the murky depths of the Atlantic, Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos and NASA said Wednesday.A privately funded expedition led by Bezos raised the main engine parts during three weeks at sea and was headed back to Cape Canaveral, Fla., the launch pad for the manned lunar missions .
0	  Denver Broncos linebacker Von Miller, the N.F.L.'s 2011 Defensive Rookie of the Year and runner-up last season for the Defensive Player of the Year, will serve a six- game suspension under the league's substance-abuse policy .Miller's suspension, without pay, begins Aug. 31. He can return to the team Oct. 14 and be eligible for Denver's Oct. 20 game at Indianapolis, according to the N.F.L. He is eligible to play and practice through the last two preseason games .The N.F.L.
2	 There are no wrong notes on  Coming Apart,  the first album by Body/Head, a duo of the musicians Kim Gordon and Bill Nace. Nor is there a possibility of any.The music rests on root chords, drones, feedback and repeated patterns from two guitars. Hers in the left channel, his in the right. Surrounded by open space, without drums, Ms.
2	 The World Music Institute has laid off its longtime publicist and co-founder, Helene Browning, because of declining donations, Karen Sander, the group's executive director, said on Tuesday.News of Ms. Browning's departure came as the institute was announcing the lineup for its 29th season. Anoushka Shankar, Angelique Kidjo and Diego el Cigala are among the musicians featured in four concert series and three weekend festivals, starting in October.Ms. Browning's husband, Robert, founded the institute with her in 1985 and built it into a widely copied and influential force in New York cultural circles.
3	  HOUSTON — A sweeping reform suggested for Mexico's energy laws has the potential not only to return the country to its early-1980s heyday of energetic oil drilling, when it was one of the world's most promising producers, but also to reduce further the United States' dependence on OPEC producers, according to oil experts.
4	  MOBILE, Ala. — With only days to go before a special Republican primary runoff for Congress here in South Alabama, the national business lobby is going all in.In the first test of its post- government-shutdown effort to derail Tea Party candidates, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce put on a rally on Tuesday in the warehouse of an aluminum plant to show its support for Bradley Byrne, a lawyer and former Republican officeholder . Companies as diverse as Caterpillar and AT&T have also sent in a last-minute flurry of donations. The goal, backers of Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — There are widening divisions among officials of the Federal Reserve over the value of its efforts to reduce unemployment, but the authors of its bond-buying policy remain firmly in control, according to an official account of the January meeting of the Fed's policy-making committee .An increasingly outspoken minority of Fed officials are concerned that monthly purchases of about $85 billion in Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities are doing more harm than good.
4	  WASHINGTON — This spring, a longtime staff member for President Obama, Alyssa Mastromonaco, let a friend in on a secret. Mr. Obama had assigned her to begin planning his post- presidential library and foundation.It was a plum task. Amid a worsening crisis in Syria, early reports of ghosts haunting the HealthCare. gov machine and a dreary sense of second-term setbacks, the foundation glowed with the allure of an eternal Obama afterlife, or at least better days ahead. For Ms.
3	 The American International Group has agreed to drop a case against the Federal Reserve Bank of New York over whether the insurer retained the right after its bailout in 2008 to sue over losses on residential mortgage-backed securities .In December, the New York Fed created Maiden Lane II, an entity formed to buy troubled mortgage debt from A.I.G. At issue in the case, in Federal District Court in Manhattan, was whether A.I.G., as part of its.3 billion federal bailout, had transferred $18 billion of litigation claims to Maiden Lane, preventing A.I.G. from recouping losses from banks .
2	 The pages of   The Great Gatsby   are suffused with romance and dusted with sexual implication, but perhaps the most intensely and disturbingly erotic scene — the one that distills the novel's seductive blend of desire and sorrow — involves clothes. Showing off his mansion to Daisy Buchanan, the great love of his life, and Nick Carraway, his diffident, dazzled neighbor, Jay Gatsby opens a cabinet in which his shirts are  piled like bricks in stacks a dozen high.
2	 Mr. Whedon, the prolific writer, producer and director, was speaking by phone from Los Angeles as he discussed an unusual moment in his life, in fall, when he had just finished principal photography on the soon-to-be comic-book blockbuster  The Avengers. With some well-earned time off before he started postproduction on that movie — a $200 million behemoth that was easily the biggest project Mr. Whedon had taken on — he canceled an anniversary trip he had planned to take with his wife, Kai Cole.Instead, Mr.
4	 Seeking to regulate the use of cellphone records in investigations by law enforcement, Texas lawmakers are considering a bill that would require police officers and prosecutors to have a warrant before obtaining such records.Last month, Representative Bryan Hughes, Republican of Mineola, filed House Bill, which would require law enforcement agencies throughout the state to obtain warrants and prove to a judge there was a probable cause of illegal activity before obtaining cellphone records in their investigations. It would also lift the seals on court orders for the data after 180 days.
0	  LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Alabama quarterback AJ McCarron has won the Maxwell Award, given to college football's player of the year.McCarron was presented with the award Thursday during the 23rd College Football Awards Show at Disney .The fifth-year senior led Alabama to an 11-1 season that left the Crimson Tide just short of a chance to play for its third straight national championship . He threw for,676 yards and 26 touchdowns with five interceptions.McCarron also is a finalist for the Heisman Trophy, which will be handed out Saturday night .
3	 MADRID — Twenty-two law firms will form a worldwide alliance to collaborate on financial litigation against questionable funds and other financial products sold across borders in the wake of scandals like that of Bernard L. Madoff.The law firms said the alliance was designed to reduce the dissonance in a world where financial markets allow products to be sold globally while litigation remains constrained by national legislation. Law firms from the United States, Colombia, Israel, Macau, Morocco, Turkey and India, as well as from European countries including Spain, Finland, Britain, Luxembourg and Italy, will take part in the alliance .
0	 London — The last weekend of matches of this year served to remind team owners that wealth can help to build up a club but cannot protect them from the joys and despairs of what happens on the field.In Cardiff, the Malaysian businessman, Vincent Tan, cut a figure of ridicule in his own stadium on Saturday. He had fired the team manager the previous day, and for all but the final eight minutes against Sunderland, his team was winning anyway.But in sports the mood changes whimsically.
4	 Joseph Levy was preparing for a season of scientific research in Antarctica last week when he got the call: Stand down.Dr. Levy, a research associate at the University of Texas at Austin's Institute for Geophysics, is studying the climate history of the dry valleys of Antarctica by analyzing buried ice sheets that have been frozen since the last ice age and are beginning to thaw.
2	 The negotiations lasted more than a year and led to a strike that canceled Carnegie Hall's planned opening night for the first time in the hall's 122-year history. But after only two days, the dispute between Carnegie's management and its stagehands was settled on Friday, and the hall announced that it was fully back in business .
3	 LONDON — Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed on Wednesday to leave their combined daily quota for petroleum production at 30 million barrels, a decision that was expected to keep prices at their current steady and relatively high levels.Even though some analysts foresee challenges shaping up for the oil producers next year, OPEC officials, meeting in Vienna, saw no reason to make changes now, given the many uncertainties about the outlook for supply and demand .
3	 SHANGHAI — Earlier this year, the authorities here began looking into suspicious activity involving a Shanghai travel agency that was rumored to have huge revenue but few bookings.What they uncovered, they said Monday, was a conspiracy involving tens of millions of dollars, directed by senior executives at the British drug giant GlaxoSmithKline. Investigators said that for years, high-ranking executives at the company's China operations used travel agencies as money-laundering shops to funnel bribes to doctors, hospitals, medical associations, foundations and government officials .
2	 The New World Mall in Flushing, Queens, is a busy place. Customers pass through its chrome and glass doors in a steady stream that can swell to a torrent, then shop its dozens of boutiques or cruise the aisles at J-Mart, a huge supermarket that, like the businesses around it, caters primarily to Chinese -Americans from Flushing, Elmhurst and Long Island . This is a good place for us — lots of people,  said Zoe Zhang, a vice president of China Express Agency, a marketing company that has promoted numerous Chinese cultural events in the United States .
3	  WASHINGTON — U.S. factory output surged in August as the pace of motor vehicle assemblies jumped to a six-year high, a hopeful sign for the economy after a slow start to the third quarter.Although another report on Monday showed a slight pullback in factory activity in New York state this month, businesses were upbeat about the future. In addition, gauges of new orders and shipments in the state jumped, all pointing to a pick-up in manufacturing after a speed bump in the spring.
4	 CLARKSDALE, Miss. — A Mississippi mayoral candidate who was found dead last week was not killed by being beaten, burned or dragged, the coroner said on Tuesday, challenging a statement from the victim's family that the official said was misleading.Describing the victim's injuries for the first time, the Coahoma County coroner, Scotty Meredith, said the candidate, Marco W. McMillian, was found unclothed, with a black eye and two small burns on his skin. But those injuries did not cause his death, the coroner said. There was no beating, although there may have been an altercation,  Mr. Meredith said.
4	 DOMA Case Goes Before Supreme Court : The Times's John Schwartz dissects the questions posed in the case against the Defense of Marriage Act . WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court appeared ready on Wednesday to strike down a central part of a federal law that defines marriage as the union of a man and a woman, as a majority of the justices expressed reservations about the Defense of Marriage Act .On the second day of intense arguments over the volatile issue of same-sex marriage, Justice Anthony M .
3	  HOME prices have been rising rapidly, so much so that there is talk that we are entering another national bubble .In fact, according to the S.& P./ Case -Shiller Composite-10 Home Price Index, which Karl Case of Wellesley College and I developed, home prices in the United States were up.4 percent in real, inflation -corrected terms in the 16 months that ended in July. During the housing bubble that preceded the 2008 financial crisis, the largest 16-month increase wasn't much bigger: 22.7 percent, for the period ended in July.
3	 As the rest of the world prepares to toast the new year, the wind industry is hard at work on its own year-end tradition, rushing to make sure projects qualify for an important subsidy before it is set to vanish at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday. Developers are signing deals, ordering equipment and lurching ahead with construction starts to qualify for a tax credit that is worth.3 cents a kilowatt-hour for the first 10 years of production.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Kerry Washington starts with the shoes. To portray Olivia Pope, the tough crisis manager at the center of the hit ABC series  Scandal,  Ms. Washington is always in gravity-defying heels. How else to make that sexed-up power stalk down the White House corridors? I never completely understand a character until I know what kind of shoes they wear,  Ms. Washington said. For an interview at Milk Studios here, she was in a pair of intimidating white high heels . But Ms.
0	 When we are children, we believe that anything is possible. As we grow up, the world begins to be shaped by rules.You are a girl, so at a certain age you should no longer play soccer with boys. You are not fast or aggressive enough to succeed playing for the women's soccer program at the University of North Carolina . That trick with the ball is impossible. You shouldn't devote all your time and energy to soccer because you will burn out from the lack of balance. All of this is logical, but all of this is wrong.
1	 Being Printed, Living Tissue: At labs around the world, researchers have been experimenting with bioprinting, but there are many formidable obstacles to overcome. SAN DIEGO — Someday, perhaps, printers will revolutionize the world of medicine, churning out hearts, livers and other organs to ease transplantation shortages. For now, though, Darryl D'Lima would settle for a little bit of knee cartilage.Dr. D'Lima, who heads an orthopedic research lab at the Scripps Clinic here, has already made bioartificial cartilage in cow tissue, modifying an old inkjet printer to put down layer after layer of a gel containing living cells.
2	 Carnegie Hall will remain dark on this Wednesday and Thursday evenings. Ditto the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark on Friday and the Kennedy Center Concert Hall in Washington on Saturday.The inactivity is not of their choosing. The San Francisco Symphony, which was to have filled those slots, canceled its East Coast tour on Sunday, when its management and musicians failed to reach an agreement on a new contract during a players' strike, then four days old.
3	  HONG KONG — The police in Shanghai announced the arrest of an American woman and her British husband on charges of illegally gathering personal information as part of their work advising foreign companies on investment risks and fraud in China .The police announcement, issued through Xinhua, the state-run news agency, late on Monday, was the first official Chinese confirmation that the woman, Yu Yingzeng, and the man, Peter Humphrey, were arrested in connection with their work at ChinaWhys, an investigation and advisory company that they founded in Shanghai in. Last week, the British Embassy in Beijing said Mr.
0	 (Reuters) - The Pittsburgh Pirates feasted on San Francisco's pitchers with a season-high offensive performance to overcome the Giants 12-8 in a slugfest on Wednesday.The Pirates banged out their most hits (18) and runs of the year to get their fourth win in five games and consolidate their strong start to the season.Lead-off hitter Starling Marte inspired the onslaught with four hits and four runs scored, while the team got three RBIs apiece from Andrew McCutchen and Neil Walker in the home triumph.
4	  PHOENIX — Arguing that medical marijuana has been the most effective treatment for their son's seizure disorder, the parents of a 5-year-old boy filed a lawsuit here on Monday to force state officials to include marijuana extracts — oil -like resins with very low levels of the psychoactive ingredient THC — as a legal product under the state's medical marijuana act.As it stands, the act, approved by voters in, allows patients to use  any mixture or preparation  made with dried marijuana flowers, like brownies.
0	 COBHAM, England — Jose Mourinho has won a trophy every season of his top flight career and finds it  unacceptable  to contemplate finishing his comeback season with Chelsea empty handed.The 50-year-old Portuguese judged last season with Real Madrid, when his stellar side walked away with only the Spanish Super Cup, to be his worst. He is anxious not to avoid a repetition. It's not acceptable,  he told reporters after training for Saturday's home Premier League clash with Crystal Palace .
3	 CHRISTINA LAKE, Alberta — After two years of study, President Obama this week defined the criteria for what will be one of the signature decisions of his presidency: the proposed Keystone XL pipeline that would carry heavy crude from here to American refineries must not  significantly  worsen global warming .Anticipating that standard, Canadian oil companies have embarked on a race to develop cleaner technologies that will make their production less damaging to the environment.
0	 Andy Murray's first potential pitfall on his road to defending his United States Open title was clearly marked in fluorescent orange, a traffic cone next to a pothole.Denis Istomin, clad in a shade of radioactive pumpkin (which he eventually swapped for an equally bright-colored yellow shirt, played fearlessly from the baseline with flat power and was able to match Murray's strength if not his foot speed and anticipation. But Istomin lost, 6-7 (5), 6-1, 6-4, 6-4, in 3 hours 7 minutes at Arthur Ashe Stadium . Murray wobbled significantly as he tried to close out a first set.
3	  The thing that scares me is the values going up so quickly. Joe Cusumano, a real estate agent in Riverside County, Calif., talking about housing prices . Large investment firms have spent billions of dollars over the last year buying homes in some of the nation's most depressed markets . The influx has been so great, and the resulting price gains so big, that ordinary buyers are feeling squeezed out. We are facing a huge crisis worldwide not having an antibiotics pipeline . Dr.
3	  The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index finished on Thursday with their best Januarys in more than a decade. Stocks rallied from the first week of the year after lawmakers reached a fiscal deal to avoid draconian spending cuts and tax increases . Shares then pushed higher as optimism about the housing market recovery grew. Decent company earnings for the fourth quarter and an improving job market also helped lift markets . The Dow Jones industrial average ended the month up.8 percent, its strongest January since, according to S&P Capital IQ data. The S.& P.
3	 Spurred by the success of an original game show that rewards knowledge of the Bible rather than, say, how much grocery items cost at the supermarket checkout, the GSN cable channel is considering a dating show with a religious twist: congregations will seek suitable mates for single parishioners .
4	  BOSTON — The judge assigned to preside over the trial of the crime boss James (Whitey) Bulger was removed from the case on Thursday after a federal appeals court found that his career as a federal prosecutor in Boston could feed the perception of bias.Writing for the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, Justice David H. Souter, who retired in 2009 from the Supreme Court, found that Judge Richard G. Stearns, a former prosecutor in the United States attorney's office in Boston, should step down from a case that will examine Mr.
0	  Arizona is No. 1 in The Associated Press college basketball poll for the third straight week.The Wildcats (12-0) are again a runaway choice, receiving 63 No. 1 votes from the 65-member national media panel Monday. Syracuse drew the other No. 1 votes and was No. 2, with the top eight teams holding their spots from last week. Ohio State is third followed by Wisconsin, Michigan State, Louisville, Oklahoma State and Villanova . Duke drops to ninth after it was tied for eighth last week with Villanova . Wichita State is No.
3	  WASHINGTON — Consumers increased their spending just.1 percent in July from June, as their income rose by the same small percentage, the Commerce Department reported on Friday.After rising.3 percent in June, income was held back in part by steep government spending cuts that reduced federal workers' salaries . Overall wages and salaries tumbled.8 billion from June, with a third of the decline coming from forced furloughs of federal workers . Consumers cut their spending on long-lasting manufactured goods, like cars and appliances. Overall spending had risen.6 percent in June.
0	 On Friday, after United States District Judge Claudia Wilken made her latest ruling in O'Bannon v. the N.C.A.A., two men involved in the matter spoke with each other by telephone. One was Ed O'Bannon, a former U.C.L.A. basketball star ; the other, Sonny Vaccaro, the sneaker marketing executive turned perpetual N.C.A.A. antagonist.Vaccaro felt more optimistic than disappointed about the 24-page ruling . But he also felt torn, about his feelings and the outcome.Wilken had certified the lawsuit as class-action, but with a significant catch.
4	  WASHINGTON — In another setback for President Obama's health care initiative, the administration has delayed until 2015 a significant consumer protection in the law that limits how much people may have to spend on their own health care .The limit on out-of-pocket costs, including deductibles and co-payments, was not supposed to exceed,350 for an individual and,700 for a family. But under a little-noticed ruling, federal officials have granted a one-year grace period to some insurers, allowing them to set higher limits, or no limit at all on some costs, in.
3	  WASHINGTON — The White House is once again looking for someone to head the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, following the decision by Ronald J. Binz to withdraw his name from consideration.Mr. Binz, a former utility regulator in Colorado who was known for his support of renewable energy, had attracted unusual opposition from the coal industry and conservatives, and it appeared unlikely that his nomination would be approved by the Senate Energy Committee .
2	  LOS ANGELES — To understand why Hollywood is moving aggressively into making musicals for Broadway, just look out the eighth-floor office window of Jimmy Horowitz, the president of Universal Pictures .On the studio lot below, along a route where trams of tourists roll by, is a black-and-green poster for the hit musical  Wicked.  Universal is the majority investor in the show, which has grossed $3 billion since 2003 from productions in New York, Chicago, London, Tokyo, and dozens of other cities.
0	 ENGLEWOOD, Colo. — Spoiled by all those spirals from Tom Brady, there was only one other quarterback Wes Welker was willing to play for: Peyton Manning .Just four months into his pairing with Denver's QB, Welker didn't hesitate when asked on the eve of the Broncos training camp what, from his unique perspective, was the difference between the top two quarterbacks of his generation. They're both spectacular, so I don't think there's too much of a difference between them,  Welker said.  It's like comparing Picasso and Michelangelo. It's hard to compare the two.
2	 Rama Burshtein's new film,  Fill the Void,  takes place in a setting that will be unfamiliar to most viewers: the confined world of the ultra-Orthodox in Israel . In this sphere, gender roles are strictly defined and every aspect of life, from the spiritual to the mundane, is governed by a complex array of laws and customs designed to emphasize the perceived needs of the community over individual desires. Marriages are arranged. Social interaction between men and women is limited and regulated. Fathers are the authority figures in families, and the rabbi is the authority figure in the community.
1	  WASHINGTON — NASA said Wednesday it was looking into a problem with a malfunctioning cooling pump on the International Space Station, but there was no immediate danger to the six crewmen on board .A valve on a pump on one of the station's two external cooling loops shut down because it was too cool Wednesday afternoon, NASA spokesman Bob Jacobs said. He said that at no time was the crew at risk. But some non-critical equipment of the massive orbital outpost were powered down.
2	 The partnership started with an ad in an English music magazine in. Liberty Records was looking for songwriters, and Bernie Taupin, a farmworker and amateur poet from Lincolnshire, sent in a sheaf of lyrics, not expecting much. Around the same time a frustrated young blues pianist named Reg Dwight auditioned for the label. An executive didn't like Mr. Dwight's material but tossed him a stack of Mr. Taupin's lyrics and said,  See what you can do with these. Since then Mr. Taupin and Mr.
2	 ALFRED HITCHCOCK DIRECTED over 50 feature films but chose to remake only one: the 1934 British production  The Man Who Knew Too Much,  which he reshot in Hollywood in. The '34 version has recently been released by the Criterion Collection in a magnificent restoration from the British Film Institute, and it remains a fine piece of entertainment, a swift and witty action adventure that helped to establish Hitchcock's international reputation.But perfectionist that he was, Hitchcock must have realized that the first draft left some room for improvement .
3	 The troubled European car market is now dragging down even Volkswagen, the region's leading automaker, as vehicle sales on the Continent have declined to their lowest levels in decades.Until now, Volkswagen, the German auto company, had been buffered a bit more than other auto companies doing business in Europe because of its size and strong sales in North America and China .But its shrinking profit margins reflect both the industry's steep sales decline in Europe as well as intense price competition in the biggest vehicle segments.
4	  PHILADELPHIA — A Roman Catholic priest and a schoolteacher sexually abused a 10-year-old altar boy at different times more than a decade ago, assaulting him in a church sacristy in Northeast Philadelphia and in the back of a car, a prosecutor alleged on Monday.In opening statements before a jury of eight men and four women in Philadelphia Common Pleas Court, Evangelia Manos, an assistant district attorney, said the boy was abused first by the Rev. Charles Engelhardt, a priest with the Oblates of St .
2	 Alessandra Ferri, like so many ballerinas before her, knew when it was time to quit. At, she retired from American Ballet Theater, performing her final Juliet there in.But Ms. Ferri, one of the great dramatic dancers of her time, isn't just any ballerina. She joined Ballet Theater from the Royal Ballet at the invitation of Mikhail Baryshnikov and was instantly embraced as an incandescent creature whose performances were raw because they were real. It's easy to see why dancers who rely on technical wizardry hang up their point shoes. But why did Ms.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Early on in the new movie   Short Term,  teenagers living in a group home gather, as Nate, a neatly dressed young counselor with a nervous smile, introduces himself. I took a year off of school, because I wanted to get some life experience,  he says.  And I've always wanted to work with underprivileged kids. The term  underprivileged  doesn't go over well, with one teenager letting loose an expletive-laced tirade.
2	 For nearly as long as there have been American movies there have been foreign directors making them, in a symbiotic arrangement that gives the visitors freedom, cash or exposure and the domestic film industry cachet and infusions of creativity. In Hollywood's early years Europeans classed up the joint, particularly those from the center of the continent: von Stroheim, Lubitsch, Lang, Zinnemann. More recent waves of talent have washed in from Australia, Hong Kong and Latin America .
1	  LOS ANGELES — NASA's Opportunity rover is rolling across the Martian surface again, leaving behind a clay-rich rock in search of more discoveries.Mission managers said Friday that the plan calls for arriving at its new destination — 1 1/2 miles to the south — by August so that the solar-powered rover can be in a favorable spot before the next Martian winter.Opportunity has been exploring Endeavour Crater since. It's the largest of five craters examined by the six-wheel rover so far and contains some of the oldest deposits dating back to the first billion years of Mars' history.
3	  The Republican Party has long claimed to be the champion of business, large and small, and an advocate for fiscal responsibility. Yet now Republicans in Congress have precipitated a shutdown of the federal government and are threatening to let the nation default on its once Triple-A-rated debt .
2	 SUNDANCE, Utah — Maybe when you play Death on  The Twilight Zone  at the start of your career, mortality doesn't faze you. It's all part of the deal,  Robert Redford deadpanned.He didn't think about dying while he was making his new movie about it, J. C. Chandor's melancholy mariner's tale,  All Is Lost.  He thought about enduring. I'm interested in that thing that happens where there's a breaking point for some people and not for others,  he said over morning coffee recently in the deserted Owl Bar at his resort here.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — The mother whose 18-year-old  lives in a hoodie  was in. So was the young man who said he paid little attention to the story of the shooting but remembers first hearing about it while doing a one-arm pull-up at the gym.The woman who believed  the more guns the better  was out. So was the bearded guitarist who claimed to have no opinion on the case — until the judge confronted him for writing a Facebook posting suggesting the local police department was not just corrupt, but in need of an enema.
3	  TOKYO — In, SoftBank was in dire straits. The scrappy Internet services company had booked a $1 billion loss the previous year, its largest ever. A campaign to enter Japan's strictly regulated cellphone business had failed. Its share price, which had soared with the Internet bubble, had fallen to less than a tenth of its height in.But the next move by Masayoshi Son, SoftBank's founder and chief executive, astounded corporate Japan . Mr.
2	  MIAMI — Since, Jorge Ramos has anchored the Univision network's:30 p.m. news broadcast, a vital source of information for the nation's 50 million -plus Spanish speakers. But this week, his routine will change in a way that could have profound consequences not just for him but also for the American media landscape .At 5 p.m., Mr. Ramos will host a new hourlong English-language public-affairs program called  America With Jorge Ramos,  the highest-profile offering of a new cable network called Fusion, a venture of Univision and ABC .
3	  SAN FRANCISCO — The headlines last week were dramatic: Australia abandons its carbon tax . The move seemed to confirm suspicions that putting a price on carbon dioxide emissions is politically toxic .The reality, experts say, is more nuanced. Australia has not abandoned its commitment to reducing climate-warming emissions . And carbon tax systems, while rare and rife with controversy, retain a firm foothold in a number of advanced economies .In Australia, the government's decision entails a change of methodology.
4	 A student who has accused Swarthmore College of being too lax in its pursuit of allegations of sexual misconduct has been denied a job as a dormitory resident adviser because she refused to tell authorities the name of a victim of an alleged rape.The student, Mia Ferguson, was an architect of two much-publicized complaints filed against the college with the federal government, complaints that helped prompt Swarthmore to be more aggressive about investigating misconduct charges . Now that she has run afoul of such an investigation, she says the college is mistreating her — and getting back at her.
3	 LONDON — Another big food producer was ensnared in the scandal over horse meat in beef products Friday when the company that owns the Iglo and Birds Eye brands withdrew a dozen types of prepared meals from stores in four European countries .The Iglo Foods Group, the parent company, said it took the action after a chili con carne dish, produced by a Belgian company called Frigilunch and on sale in Belgium, was found to contain about 2 percent horse meat .
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell sharply last week and a gauge of factory activity hit an eight-month high in early November, hinting at some strength in the economy .Other data released on Thursday showed that wholesale prices fell for a second month in October, the latest sign of a lack of inflation pressure, giving the Federal Reserve some leeway as it considers when to begin tapering its bond-buying program . Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the Labor Department said.
2	  LOS ANGELES — It's not over yet for   Zero Dark Thirty   — at least, not in the complaints department.As the Oscars approach on Sunday, the film, which is nominated for five awards, including best picture, has drawn new objections from the survivors of Betty Ann Ong, a flight attendant who died in the Sept. 11 attacks .The survivors contend that Ms. Ong's voice, recorded on a call from American Airlines Flight 11 before it hit the World Trade Center, was improperly used in an opening sequence of   Zero Dark Thirty .
4	  WASHINGTON — History says President Obama should brace for another round of midterm election losses next year — and be grateful for the opportunity.Unlike presidents who never got the same chance, Mr. Obama is in line to become only the fifth president since Harry S. Truman to serve long enough for a second midterm election, and the possibility that his party might hold or gain ground in Congress in his sixth year in office. But the unhappy record of his two-term predecessors — none of whom gained control of either legislative chamber — offers scant comfort about his prospects.Dwight D.
0	  MANCHESTER, England — Manchester City have bought into new manager Manuel Pellegrini's attacking philosophy, but with no defenders signed yet their assault on the Premier League title may well be scuppered by goals leaking at the other end.City's back line has looked vulnerable in the close season and they go into their first match at home to Newcastle United on Monday having let in eight goals in their last three warm-up matches, including a 3-1 defeat by Arsenal on Saturday.
3	 PARIS — President François Hollande suffered another setback on Friday, as Standard & Poor's cut France's credit rating, saying it did not believe the government's current policy course would restore growth .S.& P. cut the credit rating to AA from AA, arguing that the government's actions in areas like taxation and the labor market would probably not have much positive impact on the country's medium-term growth and that   high unemployment is weakening support for further significant fiscal and structural policy measures.  Markets greeted the news with calm: French bond yields ticked up modestly and the euro was almost unchanged.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — The defense in the George Zimmerman trial rested its case on Wednesday after days spent walking the jury through the foundation of his self-defense claim: his visible injuries, the mechanics of the fight and the contention that he was crying for help on a 911 recording.Mr. Zimmerman, who is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin, did not take the witness stand, a signal that his lawyers are confident that prosecutors have not overcome reasonable doubt in the case .
3	 Two weeks after naming a new chief executive, Walmart announced on Tuesday that David Cheesewright, president of several overseas divisions,would soon take on all of the company's international operations.In a statement, Doug McMillon, who is leaving the international post to become the top executive, said of Mr. Cheesewright:  We have strengthened our business and gained market share in the majority of our international markets, and he had a key role in that success. Like Mr. McMillon, Mr. Cheesewright has been with the company for many years. He began his career at Walmart in.
0	 (Reuters) - Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew tipped Hatem Ben Arfa to shine at next year's World Cup after the France winger helped his club climb the English Premier League table with a 2-1 win at Aston Villa on Saturday.Playmaker Ben Arfa, who has not played for his country since Euro, turned in a thrilling performance at Villa Park after scoring the opening goal . Hatem was on fire today,  Pardew told the BBC .  He has the ability to hold on to the ball and give us a rest, then burst past one or two players.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Shell Oil Company must provide a detailed plan addressing numerous safety and operational issues that plagued its efforts to extract oil beneath the Arctic Ocean last year if it wants to resume drilling off the coast of Alaska, the Interior Department said Thursday.Shell has already announced that it will not return to the Arctic Ocean in, saying it would take a  pause  to repair its damaged equipment and review its drilling and safety systems .Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said that would not be enough.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week and factory activity in the nation's mid-Atlantic region cooled in April, providing further signs of a moderation in economic growth .Underscoring the softening growth outlook, another report on Thursday showed that a gauge of future economic activity fell in March for the first time in seven months. These reports are the latest to indicate a step back in the economy after a brisk start to the year as tighter fiscal policy began to set in.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, is haunted by many things that emerged from the investigation of the December mass shooting at a Newtown elementary school . Among them is the nagging question of what prompted the gunman, Adam Lanza, to put down his rifle after killing 20 children and pick up the pistol he used to end his own life. We do know that historically in these instances, amateurs have trouble switching magazines,  Mr. Murphy said, referring to the high-capacity ammunition feeding device used by Mr. Lanza to shoot scores of bullets in seconds.
2	 Christian Bale more or less looks like himself in  Out of the Furnace,  which is something of a feat. As an ex-con mill worker in Scott Cooper's working-class drama, Mr. Bale, a performer capable of extreme physical transformation, sports longish hair and a goatee, as he often does off screen. And, on his neck, a tattoo of the ZIP code of Braddock, Pa., where the movie is set. He's somebody who, in a different time, would have been absolutely considered to be the backbone of America,  Mr. Bale said of his quiet, loyal character.
2	 Spend Christmas Day at the Walter Reade Theater revisiting three of the most memorable films directed by George Cukor, whose work is being surveyed through Jan. 7 by the Film Society of Lincoln Center in its series called The Discreet Charm of George Cukor.At 1 p.m. is a screening of his sumptuous 1964 screen adaptation of  My Fair Lady,  the classic musical based on George Bernard Shaw's  Pygmalion,  starring Audrey Hepburn and Rex Harrison.
4	  WASHINGTON — The top National Security Agency official charged with making sure analysts comply with rules protecting the privacy of Americans pushed back on Friday against reports that the N.S.A. had frequently violated privacy rules, after the publication of a leaked internal audit showing that there had been,776 such  incidents  in a one-year period.The official, John DeLong, the N.S.A. director of compliance, said that the number of mistakes by the agency was extremely low compared with its overall activities .
1	 Bert Vogelstein, a cancer geneticist at Johns Hopkins University, says he is haunted by three pictures.The first shows a man's upper body studded with large melanomas. The second shows what happened when the man took a drug called vemurafenib. Vemurafenib belongs to a relatively new class of drugs, called targeted cancer therapy. Unlike earlier chemotherapy drugs, they attack specific molecules found only in cancer cells . In response to the vemurafenib, the tumors shrank in a matter of weeks, to the point that the man's skin looked smooth and healthy.The third picture is a case of déjà vu.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — A former justice of the peace who has been questioned in the murders of two prosecutors here was arrested early Saturday on charges that included making a threat, the authorities said.The charges against the former official, Eric L. Williams, 46, are not believed to be connected to the killings.He was in custody at the Kaufman County jail on a $3 million bond after being taken there just after:30 a.m. Saturday.Hours later, on Saturday evening, agents with the F.B.I.
2	  Programming about dogs and for dogs is suddenly having a television moment. First the  for: Dogs everywhere are presumably barking, whimpering or growling with excitement, because the subscription service DogTV has just gone nationwide after a stretch of test marketing.DogTV, offered over the Internet or through DirecTV, plays nonstop imagery that supposedly appeals to dogs. The idea is that your dog can watch while you're at work, or while you're home but ignoring the poor beast, or whatever.
3	 BERLIN — German leaders, heeding economists' warnings that the younger generation may become disillusioned with the European project, are counting on a series of bilateral agreements to help curb stubbornly high youth unemployment in the European Union . Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, and Vítor Gaspar, his counterpart in Portugal, announced a plan on Wednesday to use the German state development bank to help set up a financial institution to assist Portuguese under age 25 in getting jobs or job training.
4	  The Republican-dominated House of Delegates approved a bill passed earlier by the State Senate to require voters to show a government-issued document like a driver's license, passport or special voter-identification card with a photograph at the polls .If signed into law by Gov . Bob McDonnell, a Republican, Virginia would join four other states with equally strict voter-ID requirements. A similar law in Pennsylvania was temporarily suspended by a state court before the November election .
4	 Mark Sanford's fiancée, the Argentine for whom he risked a political career, stood next to him Tuesday as he accepted the Republican nomination for a South Carolina Congressional seat .María Belén Chapur's appearance was a surprise, especially to leaders in the national Republican Party . It might not have been the most strategic move in Mr. Sanford's attempt at a political comeback. Still, it was how Mr. Sanford wanted it.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Eli Manning 's first pass of the 2013 season was an interception. So was his last.It may seem too obvious to sum up the Giants' disastrous year with bookend turnovers by the player who is the face of the franchise, but it is hard to ignore the symmetry and the symbolism.If there was a play that exemplified the Giants on offense this season, it was the interception, usually one batted in the air. That was precisely how Manning's last pass was picked off Sunday afternoon .
0	  Carmelo Anthony found himself in an unfamiliar position in the first half: sitting on the bench, a towel draped across his lap .It had been a trying season for the Knicks, their struggles rising in a crescendo before they arrived in Brooklyn to face the Nets at Barclays Center . Anthony, for all the Knicks' problems, had been shouldering much of the load: scoring, rebounding, challenging, exhorting. It had done little good.On Thursday, though, everything changed — for one night, at least. Anthony attempted the fewest shots he had all season, determined to act more as facilitator than aggressor.
4	 SHELBYVILLE, Ky. — As he was trying to sign up for health insurance through Kentucky's new online exchange this month, Kenny Wheeler hit a wall.Mr. Wheeler, an independent sales representative with a neuromuscular disorder, had succeeded where many in other states had failed, getting through a thicket of log -in pages. But when he tried to find out whether two health plans he liked would pay for his medications or let him keep his current doctors, he could not.
4	 A protest by nine Mexican immigrants in which they tried to enter the country through a border station in Arizona even though they had no valid documents has provoked an unusual public argument among groups pushing Congress to overhaul the immigration laws.Most of the nine are young people who grew up in the United States without legal status . On July, they approached the border crossing in Nogales and asked to be admitted on a special parole. Border officers detained them for deportation, and they are being held in a detention center in Eloy, Ariz.
2	 The spurious  war on Christmas  bemoaned on Fox News notwithstanding, a war really has been going on in recent years at the holidays: a war between traditional television Christmas specials and that aggressive musical interloper, the singing-competition finale. It's a mismatch. With December now dominated by singing competitions —  The X Factor  and  The Voice  wrapped up last week;  The Sing-Off  ends Monday night — the old-fashioned variety-show-style Christmas special feels as if it could go extinct any year now.
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — After Tiger Woods completed his delayed first round of the United States Open on Friday, his white golf shoes were muddied, and his gray pants were spattered.Accompanying him was his girlfriend, Lindsey Vonn, the champion skier, whose jeans were tucked into the improvised fashion choice of the week — knee-high, black rain boots.There is certain attire that one expects in the country-club environs of a golf tournament, much of it involving khaki, argyle and plaid. Even the guy wearing a miniature putting green for a hat on Friday did not seem so out of place.
0	 Some will remember the 13 league titles . Others the five F.A. Cups or the financial growth that turned a club from northern England into an international empire that trades on the New York Stock Exchange . But any list of Manchester United Manager Alex Ferguson's contributions to the game must surely include the concept of Fergie Time, though it may not be an official part of global soccer's vernacular.
3	  DETROIT — Her father was a die maker for 39 years, one of the legions of employees who performed the gritty tasks that made General Motors the nation's largest and most powerful auto company .And ever since she was a child, Mary T. Barra aspired to join the family business and make her mark in the rugged, automobile industry. At, she did just that, entering a G.M. technical school to become an engineer.On Tuesday, Ms. Barra, 51, completed a remarkable personal odyssey when she was named as the next chief executive of G.M.
4	  DENVER — In one of their final acts before wrapping up the Colorado legislative session on Wednesday, lawmakers approved a bill allowing immigrants who are in the country illegally to obtain driver's licenses, making the state one of only a handful to have passed such a measure.The legislation, which received final approval on Tuesday, allows immigrants to get special licenses if they can prove they pay taxes and meet several other requirements.
4	 The first chapter in a wild race to fill a Congressional seat in South Carolina was written Tuesday when former Gov . Mark Sanford staged something of a comeback in a Republican field crowded with 16 candidates, and Democrats overwhelmingly picked Elizabeth Colbert Busch, a businesswoman on leave from Clemson University.Mrs. Colbert Busch is a sister of the comedian Stephen Colbert, a burst of celebrity in a race with other marquee names. Chief among them for the Republicans was Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans on Monday blocked President Obama's third consecutive nominee to the country's most powerful and prestigious appeals court and insisted they would not back down, inflaming a bitter debate over a president's right to shape the judiciary .By a vote of 53 to, the Senate failed to break a filibuster of Robert L. Wilkins, a federal judge who was nominated to fill one of three vacancies on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, falling seven votes short of the 60 needed.
2	 The composer and saxophonist John Zorn was easy to spot in the atrium of the Guggenheim Museum one evening last month. As chatty patrons filed in for a performance of his work, Mr. Zorn — for decades the most prolific and polarizing figure in New York's downtown scene — sat silently in a T-shirt and camouflage combat pants, gazing up at the otherworldly light installation by the artist James Turrell.The concert was part of Zorn, a worldwide festival marking his 60th birthday.
4	  WASHINGTON — To Speaker John A. Boehner, it is  job-killing.  To Senator Ted Cruz, it is  hurting the American people.  To Senator Mitch McConnell, it is a  big reason we are turning into a nation of part-time workers. But to many independent economic analysts, it remains too early to tell how the sweeping Affordable Care Act will affect the jobs market .
4	  DENVER (AP) — Prosecutors in the Aurora, Colo., movie theater shooting on Thursday rejected an offer from the suspect, James E. Holmes, to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty, and they accused his defense lawyers of breaking court rules by making the offer public.In a scathing court document, prosecutors said the defense had refused to give them information needed to evaluate the offer, so it could not be considered genuine.
4	  WASHINGTON — A month before a murderous rampage at the Washington Navy Yard, Aaron Alexis called the police in Rhode Island to complain that he had changed hotels three times because he was being pursued by people keeping him awake by sending vibrations through the walls.When officers came to his hotel room early on Aug. 7, Mr. Alexis told them that a person he had argued with at an airport in Virginia  has sent three people to follow him  and that they were harassing him with a microwave machine, according to a Newport, R.I., police report. Mr.
4	  DETROIT — This city was already sinking under hundreds of millions of dollars in bills that it could not pay when a municipal auditor brought in a veteran financial consultant to dig through the books. A seasoned turnaround man and former actuary with Ford Motor Co ., he was stunned by what he found: an additional.2 billion in retiree health costs that had never been reported, or even tallied up. The city must take some drastic steps,  the consultant, John Boyle, warned the City Council in delivering his report at a public meeting in.
0	  CLEVELAND — Since becoming a regular with the Orix Blue Wave in, Ichiro Suzuki has never worried about playing time. If he was healthy, he was in the starting lineup — whether the game was being played in Japan or the United States .Last season, however, Suzuki was traded to the Yankees, and he occasionally had to sit against left-handed pitchers .But on Wednesday night, Suzuki was left out of the lineup against a right- handed pitcher, Corey Kluber, an occurrence as unusual as his.185 batting average .
3	  DETROIT — As the government shutdown enters its third week, some automakers are expressing concern that it will slow the industry's robust growth this year. General Motors, the nation's largest automaker, acknowledged that the shutdown was chipping away at the consumer confidence that automakers depend on to sell vehicles, even if it was still too early to gauge the full impact of the fiscal standoff. The longer this issue goes unresolved, the growing anxiety among consumers and the market will not help the industry keep up its strong pace,  said Greg Martin, a spokesman for General Motors .
4	 He first bought the tiny company's stock after bunking down in its chief executive's six-bedroom home.He added to his holdings soon after the rollout of a new product that the company hinted could be a cure for Alzheimer's disease .As the stock reached a 52-week high last year, he sold part of his portfolio for a,000 profit .Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, Virginia's attorney general, said that the timing of his ownership of Star Scientific shares reflected nothing more than his own investment analysis.
2	 It's hard to believe that David Fincher's fable  Fight Club, at IFC Center on Friday and Saturday at midnight, could ever have been financed. Yes, as its name suggests, it has plenty of action. (And if you're disgusted by the sight of shirtless men pummeling one another to a pulp, this film is not for you.) But what sets it apart is its merciless attack on consumer culture in sequences brutal, comic and brutally comic. Rarely has a film employed product placement to such deleterious effect for the corporations involved.
4	  WASHINGTON — Even in a Congress where bipartisanship and comity are now officially the exceptions to the regular order, the near implosion on Capitol Hill on Thursday was notable, as both chambers erupted in a furor that went on for much of the day.In the Senate, leaders fought bitterly over proposed changes to Senate rules that would limit the filibuster, with Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, trading barbs with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, several times on the Senate floor . These are dark days in the history of the Senate,  Mr.
4	 The mother of Aaron Alexis, the military contractor who killed 12 people at the Washington Navy Yard last month, told his bosses one month before the shootings that he had a history of paranoid episodes and most likely needed therapy. But Mr. Alexis' managers at the Experts Inc., an information technology firm, decided to keep him on the job and did not require him to seek treatment, an internal company investigation has found.The investigation by Hewlett-Packard, which oversaw the Experts' subcontract at the navy yard and other military bases, concluded that the Experts mishandled Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate overwhelmingly confirmed James B. Comey as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Monday even as Republicans and Democrats struggled to hold together the fragile deal that preserved the filibuster for executive branch appointees.After approving Mr.
1	 Three major scientific projects set out this season to seek evidence of life in lakes deep under the Antarctic ice — evidence that could provide clues in the search for evidence of life elsewhere in the solar system, perhaps in Mars's past, or even now under the surface of Enceladus, one of Saturn's moons. But only one of the projects, a $10 million expedition from the United States, has a chance of identifying long-hidden microbes before the weather on the frigid continent puts an end to drilling in about a month.
3	 BURBANK, Calif. — Meticulous, well-thought-out plans may be for some people, but not Wade Eyerly. At, he walked into the registrar's office at the University of Central Missouri, not knowing he was supposed to have applied for admission. He walked out with a schedule of classes.After arriving in Washington, jobless, he landed a position in Vice President Dick Cheney's press office, followed by stints in Iraq as a government operative and in Washington as a National Security Agency consultant .This all helps to explain why Mr.
2	 The fall season is looming, but plenty of ambitious artists are not content to wait for any official starter's pistol to sound, and this week three of them come to the stylish Bleecker Street nightclub Le Poisson Rouge. Two are coming together. On Tuesday, the excellent young pianists Ran Dank and Soyeon Kate Lee present an evening of works for piano duo, including the premiere of Frederic Rzewski's  Four Hands,  as well as Brahms's 16 Waltzes, Op. 39 and an arrangement of Stravinsky's   Rite of Spring .
2	 HOBOKEN, N.J. —  THIS room was a bit more to us than a performance room,  Richard Barone of the Bongos said about halfway through the group's set at Maxwell's here on Wednesday evening .  It was also our practice space. And it still feels like a practice space. The Bongos' set was the final performance of the final evening at Maxwell's, a storied rock club that by the late 1980s had become the home of a certain brand of jangly, Britpop-inspired, postpunk indie rock .
3	 SHANGHAI — A few weeks ago, when Chinese investigators raided a small travel agency in this fast-growing city, they came upon something startling.The agency appeared to be using fake contracts and travel invoices to help executives at the British pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline bribe doctors, hospitals, foundations and government officials, Chinese authorities said.Soon after, the police shut Shanghai Linjiang International Travel Agency and detained its boss, Weng Jianyong. Four Chinese -born Glaxo executives were also held on suspicions of bribery and tax fraud .
0	  COLUMBUS, Ohio — Losing has never come easy for Urban Meyer.Since he was a kid playing baseball, football and basketball back in Ashtabula, Ohio, Meyer could handle the pain, the long workouts and the criticism.But the losses lingered and hurt.Now that he's the head football coach at Ohio State, things haven't changed. I've never, no, I've never handled it well. Awful loser,  he said recently in his quiet, paneled office inside the Woody Hayes Athletic Center.  I guess I'd rather be known as that than as a good loser.
2	  PARK CITY, Utah — David Sedaris has never allowed Hollywood to get its paws on his writing.Well, there was one flirtation with film . About a decade ago Mr. Sedaris started work on a movie adaptation of  Me Talk Pretty One Day,  his first best-selling collection of humorous essays. But he quickly halted it after his sister Lisa worried that someone fat would portray her. Since then, he said in a telephone interview from London,  It just became an automatic no.
0	 LONDON — About 20 minutes before playing only her fourth Grand Slam match, against a woman who won a major championship and was ranked No. 1, 19-year-old Eugenie Bouchard got a bit of news.Instead of Wimbledon's,089-seat, out-of-the-way Court, the Canadian would be facing Ana Ivanovic at Centre Court, with room for nearly,000 spectators. Cause for concern? Nerves? Nah. I was really excited. It was kind of a big deal to me. ... It's what everyone wants to do. So, yeah, it was a great opportunity for me,  the 66th-ranked Bouchard said.
4	  WASHINGTON — Rabbi S. Binyomin Ginsberg used to fly often enough on Northwest Airlines that he achieved Platinum Elite status, the highest level . But the airline revoked his membership in its frequent flier program in June, saying that he had abused it by making too many complaints and by booking himself on full flights in the hope of being bumped.On Tuesday, the Supreme Court considered Rabbi Ginsberg's suit against the airline, which contends that Northwest's move was an effort to purge an expensive program in advance of its merger with Delta Air Lines .
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits fell,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted,000, a sign that steady job gains should continue.The drop left unemployment benefit applications at the lowest level in 10 weeks, the Labor Department said on Thursday. Some of the decline may have been caused by seasonal factors.Still, the broader trend has been favorable. The four-week average, which smooths out fluctuations, fell,250, to,000. We believe labor market conditions remain on a gradually improving trajectory,  said Laura Rosner, an economist at BNP Paribas . Weekly applications data can be volatile in July.
3	 LONDON — The London Underground is facing one of the most drastic overhauls in its 150-year history. Starting in, its trains will start running throughout the night, and most of its ticket offices will be replaced by upgraded machines or turnstiles that accept contactless bank cards as part of a plan meant to bring the world's oldest subway system  into the 21 st century . The announcement on Thursday brought mixed reactions.
3	  Vodafone 's deal-making days are back — with a twist. The British mobile giant still holds the record for the world's biggest deal: its $203 billion hostile acquisition of the German company Mannesmann in. It is now on the verge of taking the No. 3 slot as well, by selling its minority stake in Verizon Wireless, the largest U.S. cellphone company, for $130 billion to Verizon Communications, which owns the rest.Over its 31-year life, Vodafone has completed an astonishing series of deals. As so often with mergers and acquisitions, it has been a better seller than buyer.
4	  WASHINGTON — The police may take DNA samples from people arrested in connection with serious crimes, the Supreme Court ruled on Monday in a 5-to-4 decision. The federal government and 28 states authorize the practice, and law enforcement officials say it is a valuable tool for investigating unsolved crimes . But the court said the testing was justified by a different reason: to identify the suspect in custody.
4	 BELZONI, Miss. — Thomas Bond, a cotton grower whose onetime,500-acre partnership of farms received $4 million in federal subsidies in the last seven years, thinks that many residents in the surrounding Mississippi Delta need food stamps . But he says the program is too big and rife with fraud. There are a lot of people on food stamps who shouldn't be,  Mr. Bond said in a recent interview at the Yazoo Country Club .  They could be working, but don't.
3	 Japan's stock index was the standout performer Thursday, surging to its highest level in almost six years as the yen fell amid speculation that the country's monetary policy would be eased further.On a day when trading levels are low because of the Thanksgiving holiday in the United States, the Nikkei 225 helped shore up markets around the world, as it advanced.8 percent to,727.12 points, its highest close since late.The surge by the benchmark index has been driven by a slump by the yen to its lowest in half a year. The dollar strengthened to a high of.
4	  PHILADELPHIA — A Roman Catholic priest and a former Catholic school teacher were convicted on Wednesday on nine charges relating to the sexual abuse of a 10-year-old boy at different times more than a decade ago .A jury in Common Pleas Court here found the teacher, Bernard Shero, guilty of five charges, including rape and involuntary deviant sexual intercourse, after hearing testimony that he had assaulted the boy in the back of his car.After deliberating for about 19 hours over four days, the jury also convicted the Rev.
4	 AJO, Ariz. — On a recent morning, Lt. Bill Clements, commander of a remote sheriff's department substation here, sent his deputies into the sun-blasted Sonoran Desert to recover a body — the fifth in five days. Hours later, back at the station, a deputy unzipped a white body bag, revealing the corpse of a man who had died making the brutal crossing from Mexico, his lips shrunken, either with dehydration or from being partly eaten by wild animals, the deputies said.Out here, life expires suddenly and without dignity. The Ajo district station recovered 18 bodies last year.
0	  CHICAGO — Brandon Jennings scored 33 points and the Detroit Pistons beat the short-handed Chicago Bulls 92-75 on Saturday night for their fourth consecutive victory.Andre Drummond (14 rebounds, Greg Monroe (12) and Josh Smith (10) helped Detroit to a 51-44 rebounding edge as the Pistons (10-10) stretched their road winning streak to four games dating to Nov. 24.It was Detroit's first victory in Chicago since Feb. 24, 2006. The Pistons had lost 14 in a row at the United Center .
3	  WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve officials are grappling publicly with a better kind of problem than most they've confronted in recent years : what if the labor market continues to improve more rapidly than they had expected?The economy added an average of,000 jobs a month from September to February, slightly faster than the average monthly pace from 2004 to, the best years of the last economic upswing. The government plans to release a preliminary estimate Friday morning of March job creation .
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.06 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.10 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.03 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKHawaii Department of Transportation, $170.2 million of airports lease revenue certificates of participation. Morgan Stanley .New York Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, $228.
0	  MINNEAPOLIS — At precisely:27 p.m. Wednesday, Don Lucia, the Minnesota men's hockey coach, skated onto the ice at Mariucci Arena and began writing on a dry-erase board hanging by the bench. Six players had already gathered by the blue line, on one knee leaning on their sticks, when Lucia blew his whistle two minutes later to summon the rest of the team.Lucia diagramed a drill and spoke while the players studied the board in silence. An equipment manager laid extra sticks against the glass on the bench with the lightest touch to avoid any distracting sound.
2	  He sees! He sees! But what can he see?  sings one of the sightless men in  The Blind,  an a cappella opera by the Russian-American composer Lera Auerbach opening this week at the Lincoln Center Festival. It's not the characters who are blind,  she said during an interview at a Manhattan cafe.  The message is that we are the blind. With all our means of communication we see each other less and connect to each other less. We have less understanding and compassion for other people. We have this screen between us.
4	 Last week, the day after Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo of New York approved a broad package of gun-control measures that made New York's tough gun laws even tougher, the Texas attorney general, Greg Abbott, began running Internet advertisements in Manhattan and Albany asking New York gun owners to consider moving to Texas .The two ads — displayed on news sites and aimed at Web users with Manhattan and Albany ZIP codes — promote the state's low taxes and gun culture, with one asking,  Is Gov .
0	 Say hello to C. C. Sabathia, the Yankees ' newest ticket salesman. He's a nice, philanthropic fellow with a dandy résumé if you don't dwell on his numbers from, when he won the fewest games in his five seasons as a Yankee and had the highest earned run average of his career.So would you buy tickets from him?The Yankees had a big-time clunker of their own in, daring to do the most unthinkable thing any Yankees team can do, which is to fail to make it to the postseason.
3	  WASHINGTON — Sales of existing homes jumped in July to the highest level in more than three years, suggesting rising interest rates on mortgages were having only a limited impact so far on the housing market's recovery . The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday that existing-home sales rose .5 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of .39 million units .The increase in home sales exceeded Wall Street's expectations and could make the Federal Reserve more comfortable with its plans to start winding down its economic stimulus program .
4	 A political nonprofit group founded by the billionaire industrialists David and Charles Koch spent $122 million during, according to documents filed with the Colorado secretary of state, putting it among the biggest election spenders in the country.The group, Americans for Prosperity, spent tens of millions of dollars in political advertising in a bid to defeat President Obama and Democrats in Congress, while investing equally large sums to build a national grass-roots organization for conservative activists and voters .
4	 LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Former Gov . Mike Huckabee of Arkansas has not been among the Republicans frequently named as a potential 2016 presidential candidate, but he would like that to change. I'm keeping the door open,  Mr. Huckabee said in an interview here this week about the possibility of seeking his party's nomination again.  I think right now the focus needs to be on, but I'm mindful of the fact that there's a real opportunity for me. Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator John D. Rockefeller IV of West Virginia, a longtime liberal voice in Congress, announced on Friday that he would not seek a sixth term in, providing an opening for Republicans to cut into the Democratic Senate majority.The decision by Mr. Rockefeller, 75, who also served two terms as governor of West Virginia, was no surprise and came after he gave a Senate floor speech last June that angered the state's politically influential coal industry.
4	 LANCASTER, Tex. — On Saturday, when Chris Kyle, a retired Navy SEAL sniper, parked his truck outside Eddie Ray Routh's house in this Dallas suburb, the two men were virtual strangers. Their plan was to spend the afternoon at a remote shooting range, one of Mr. Kyle's techniques for helping struggling veterans adjust to civilian life .But by the evening, the police had arrested Mr. Routh, charging him with the shooting deaths of Mr. Kyle and another man, Chad Littlefield.Mr. Kyle's friends said he did not know Mr. Routh well — Mr.
0	 NEW YORK — Hanley Ramirez capped a six-hit day with a pair of RBI singles, Yasiel Puig homered to complete a dazzling debut in New York and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Yankees 6-0 Wednesday for a split of their day-night doubleheader .The Dodgers salvaged manager Don Mattingly's return to the Bronx after a 6-4 loss in the opener. Chris Capuano (2-5) pitched three-hit ball for six innings in his comeback from the disabled list . The Dodgers rebounded from a sloppy loss to former teammate Hiroki Kuroda (7-5) in a matchup between injury-ravaged teams with $200 million payrolls .
2	 Has it really been 17 years since Film Forum last hosted its late-summer extravaganza Son of Summer Sci-Fi, Fantasy & Horror, this year through Sept. 5? Well, it's high time that this home of cinematic sophistication got its nerd on once again. And there's no better way to mark the event's return than with the family-friendly sub-festival Wild About Harryhausen, double features (for the most part) showcasing the stop-motion -animation giant Ray Harryhausen, through Sept. 8.Harryhausen, who died in May at, created Dynamation, a process by which live-action actors fought fire-breathing hydras, roaring Cyclopes and sword-wielding skeletons.
3	  WASHINGTON — One company threatened to sue,000 coffee shops, hotels and retailers for patent infringement because they had set up Wi-Fi networks for their customers . Another claimed that hundreds of small businesses were violating its patents by attaching a document scanner to an office computer system. One claimed rights to royalties from anyone producing a podcast.Now the Obama administration is cracking down on what many call patent trolls, shell companies that exist merely for the purpose of asserting that they should be paid because they hold patents that are being infringed by some software or electronic process.
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of federal workers forced to work shorter hours soared this summer — to,000 in July, from,000 a year earlier — in a sign of the problems that federal budget policy is causing for the economy . The Labor Department reported on Friday that the economy continued to add jobs in July and that the unemployment rate fell to .4 percent, from.6 percent. But the pace of job growth slowed somewhat from the first half of the year and remains modest enough that the economy is years away from a full recovery .
0	  EASTBOURNE, England — American qualifier Jamie Hampton reached the first final of her career when she defeated 2009 champion Caroline Wozniacki, 7-5, 6-3 at Eastbourne on Friday.She will attempt to become the first American to take the title since Chanda Rubin beat Conchita Martinez in 2003 when she faces Elena Vesnina of Russia in Saturday's final.Vesnina beat Yanina Wickmayer of Belgium, 6-0 in 51 minutes and will be bidding for her second title of the year after winning Hobart in January.
4	  LOS ANGELES — California's top lawmakers on Wednesday pledged their support for a plan to raise the minimum wage in the state to $10 an hour, which could soon give California workers the highest minimum pay rate in the country.In a rare show of backing for pending legislation, Gov . Jerry Brown, a Democrat, announced his  strong support  for a bill in the State Legislature that would raise the minimum wage to $10 per hour from $8 by the start of. Currently, Washington has the highest minimum wage of any state, at.19 per hour.
3	 I DIDN'T get an offer of an extra $500 in credits for various airline-charge reimbursements from American Express on my American Express Platinum Card . I wasn't offered, either.Neither were many readers who contacted me after last week's column reporting that American Express is dropping a major perk of its $450-a-year Platinum Card as of March, 2014 — free entry into airport lounges operated by the now-merged American Airlines and US Airways .
0	 Around the North American Soccer League, a lament that rang true in the heyday of the league more than 30 years ago — the Cosmos are using their vast resources (Warner Communications then; an international group backed by the Saudi-based Sela Sports now) to buy championships — is again being heard from some less well-heeled clubs.As the reborn Cosmos appear ready to clinch first place in the league's fall season and advance to Soccer Bowl '13 against the host Atlanta Silverbacks (winners of the spring season) on Nov.
0	 BERLIN — Bayern Munich's Franck Ribery has signed a two-year contract extension to remain with the Champions League winners until 2017 and central defender Daniel van Buyten will stay on for another season, the club said on Thursday. We are delighted to have kept two key players with us,  said Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge in a statement.  Franck and Daniel were outstanding in the past season and we counted on them to make the difference in the crucial games.
3	 Vienna is employing some old-fashioned technology to run shiny new electric buses wending their way through the narrow inner- city streets .The Austrian capital is switching from buses powered by liquefied petroleum gas to a novel, first-of-its-kind fleet of electric buses that run unplugged, go anywhere, and recharge their batteries using the overhead power lines of older trams. Twelve of the buses, each of which can carry 40 passengers, are in service.As Vienna shifts to electric buses, it is striving to be a leader in green transportation by testing new systems that can potentially create a cleaner, quieter downtown.
2	 WAXHAW, N.C. — After weeks of hopscotching across the country on assignments for NBC's  Today,  Jenna Bush Hager settled her pregnant frame into an oversize leather couch here to conduct an interview. Her subject was Jackson TerKeurst, a 24-year-old Liberian college student who was adopted as a teenager by a local family.As the cameras rolled, Ms. Hager fired off emotional questions about his violent childhood and his adoptive family. When the filming ended, Ms. Hager leaned across the couch and gave Mr. TerKeurst a high five. You're answering too perfectly,  Ms. Hager said.  That was awesome. Ms.
4	 If the special Senate election in Massachusetts has put the political cognoscenti to sleep, a possible race in neighboring New Hampshire may wake them up.Scott P. Brown, who just turned down a chance to run again for the Senate in Massachusetts, is hinting that he might hop over the state line and challenge Senator Jeanne Shaheen, a Democrat who is up for re- election in.Asked Thursday if he might consider such a race, Mr.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Worldwide levels of the chief greenhouse gas that causes global warming have hit a milestone, reaching an amount never before encountered by humans, federal scientists said Friday. Carbon dioxide was measured at 400 parts per million at the oldest monitoring station which is in Hawaii sets the global benchmark. The last time the worldwide carbon level was probably that high was about 2 million years ago, said Pieter Tans of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .That was during the Pleistocene Era.  It was much warmer than it is today,  Tans said.
4	 KILLEEN, Tex. — The last time Sgt. Kimberly D. Munley faced Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, they stood about eight feet apart, and each of them was holding a gun. It was shortly after 1 p.m. on Nov. 5, 2009, outside the building on the Fort Hood Army base where Major Hasan had waged a brief but deadly shooting rampage with a laser- equipped semiautomatic pistol.She was a member of Fort Hood's civilian police force and was about to wash her car when she received a report of gunfire at the building. She apparently shot him, but he remained standing.
0	  EASTBOURNE, England — Feliciano Lopez of Spain won his third career title when he beat second-seeded Gilles Simon, 6-7 (5), 6-0 in the Eastbourne final on Saturday, days before they meet again in the first round at Wimbledon .Meanwhile, Elena Vesnina of Russia won her second WTA title when she defeated American qualifier Jamie Hampton, 6-1 in their final.Lopez won just four of 21 break points and Simon one of six. After an exchange of breaks midway through the first set, the Spaniard failed to win a set point at 5-4 before taking the tiebreaker.
0	 (Reuters) - Newcastle United trio Alan Pardew, Mike Ashley and Joe Kinnear have been the target of much criticism in the last 12 months but the manager, owner and director of football can look forward to Christmas having steered the club into an unlikely title race. Newcastle made it six wins from eight with a comprehensive 3-0 victory at Crystal Palace on Saturday to move within six points of Premier League leaders Liverpool .
4	 On the morning of Sept. 3, the first day the Pentagon said they could, Alicia Butler and her wife, Judith Chedville, who is a Texas Army National Guard officer, went to Austin's Camp Mabry so Ms. Butler could get a military spouse identification card and register for the same federal marriage benefits provided to wives and husbands of heterosexual service members .The two women handed a sheaf of official papers, including their 2008 California marriage license, to a clerk who glanced at the documents and declared,  It's one of those.
3	 WICHITA, Kan. — The parent company of Cessna Aircraft said on Thursday it would buy Beechcraft for approximately.4 billion, a deal that would combine two mainstays of Wichita's general aviation industry .Cessna's parent, Textron, based in Providence, R.I., said it expected to complete the acquisition early next year. The acquisition of Beechcraft is a tremendous opportunity to extend our general aviation business,  Scott C. Donnelly, Textron's chairman and chief executive, said.  From our customers' perspective, this creates a broader selection of aircraft and a larger service footprint — all sharing the same high standards of quality and innovation.
0	 The N.B.A. is expected to announce Wednesday that New York will host the All-Star Game in.The hosting of the annual event will be shared by the Knicks and the Nets, who will hold events in Manhattan and in Brooklyn.Adam Silver, the league's deputy commissioner, said in February that one of the New York teams would be awarded the game.
4	 MOUNT OLIVE, W.Va. — Convicted of robbing and raping an 83-year-old woman, Joseph A. Buffey at 19 was no one's idea of a choirboy. A marijuana smoker and high school dropout, he was out thieving on the night in question 11 years ago and broke into the Salvation Army near the woman's home to steal the bell-ringing money .He confessed to the rape and was sentenced to 70 years in the maximum security prison here in southern West Virginia where road names end in  Hollow  and  Creek  and coal is king.
1	 Whether it's hitting a golf ball, playing the piano or speaking a foreign language, becoming really good at something requires practice. Repetition creates neural pathways in the brain, so the behavior eventually becomes more automatic and outside distractions have less impact. It's called being in the zone.But what if you could establish the neural pathways that lead to virtuosity more quickly? That is the promise of transcranial direct current stimulation, or tDCS — the passage of very low-level electrical current through targeted areas of the brain.
2	 Certainly October dance in New York features the heavyweights — American Ballet Theater, the Forsythe Company and San Francisco Ballet among them — but there's a potentially more elegant offering in the mix. The dazzling improvisation artists Lisa Nelson and Steve Paxton, who met in 1972 at Bennington College, reunite to present  Night Stand,  which opens at Dia: Chelsea on Thursday.Created in, the work displays the nuanced, scrupulous dancing of Ms. Nelson and Mr. Paxton as they explore the depths of darkness and intimacy within a large, industrial space.
1	  Tornadoes : What We Know: The Times's Henry Fountain explains why scientists deemed the tornado Oklahoma an EF5 and why these fast-moving storms can cause so much damage.Until an outbreak of tornadoes in the past week, this year had been a relatively quiet one for twisters in the Midwest and Plains states .
4	  WASHINGTON —  The days of Rambo are over,  the two-star general in charge of personnel policy for Special Operations Command said on Tuesday in explaining the changes in military culture that led to opening front-line combat positions to women.The officer, Maj. Gen. Bennet Sacolick, director of force management for Special Operations Command, which trains elite Rangers, Green Berets and SEAL units, said the military today required as much intellectual power as firepower.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union's top trade official, in one of the first concrete proposals in the trade negotiations with the United States, called on Thursday for a new trans-Atlantic group that would coordinate the work of United States and European regulatory agencies .The proposal, in a Prague speech by Karel De Gucht, the European Union's trade commissioner, came as the union and the United States are trying to map out the ambition and scope of the negotiations for a potentially sweeping trans-Atlantic trade pact .
4	 The national debate over firearms regulation is often presented as a battle of extremes: those who view any effort to tighten gun laws as an infringement of rights versus those who see guns as a menace to society.But gun owners like Michael Kundu come from a largely unexplored middle ground — a place of nuance and contradiction.Mr. Kundu is a master marksman from rural Washington who owns pistols and assault rifles for self-defense, all while claiming to detest the presence of guns in his life and in the broader American culture. I'd love to see all guns destroyed,  he said.
3	 Or even the markdown.This year some shoppers are quietly taking the art of bargaining up the escalator to the floors selling cashmere or over-the-knee leather boots, building on the haggling skills they acquired in the last few years getting big-box store deals on TVs and the like. Armed with increasingly sophisticated price-tracking tools on their smartphones and other devices, consumers have become bolder, and they know that they often have the upper hand during a tough season for retailers .
3	  The Food and Drug Administration announced on Monday that it had approved a new treatment for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis that can be used as an alternative when other drugs fail.The drug, to be called Sirturo, was discovered by scientists at Janssen, the pharmaceuticals unit of Johnson & Johnson, and is the first in a new class of drugs that aims to treat the drug-resistant strain of the disease.Tuberculosis is a highly infectious disease that is transmitted through the air and usually affects the lungs but can also affect other parts of the body, including the brain and kidneys.
2	 The annual Governors Awards banquet of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, in its fifth year, found its identity on Saturday night : It is where some of the most dazzling people ever to be overlooked can go to be seen. The Governors Awards are considered the highest honor an actor can receive in mid-November,  said Martin Short, as he teed up the presentation of an honorary Oscar to Steve Martin.Mr.
1	 At lunchtime on Friday, things were not looking good: a rocket carrying cargo to the International Space Station was having problems with its thrusters, imperiling its ability to get where it was going.At stake were some treats for the astronauts — fresh fruit plus other food and clothing, parts for air purifiers and some science experiments — as well as the reputation of the Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, or SpaceX, a company NASA has hired to ferry supplies to the space station (and, eventually, people. If the thrusters could not be fixed, the cargo would never arrive.But the drama subsided quickly.
0	 On two previous occasions when Carlos Beltran was a free agent, he told friends in baseball that he idolized Bernie Williams and that his lifelong dream was to play for the Yankees, even if it meant less money . Both times there was no fit and Beltran signed instead with the Mets and then the St . Louis Cardinals .Now, Beltran is coming to the Bronx.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Tuesday appointed Julia A. Pierson, a longtime Secret Service agent, as the first woman to head the agency best known for protecting the president, vice president and their families.Ms. Pierson, the chief of staff to Mark J. Sullivan, who retired as director last month, will take over at a time when the Secret Service is still recovering from a prostitution scandal last year that held it up to public ridicule, generated Congressional hearings and cost a number of agents their jobs .
2	 The post-Oscar scarcity of interesting movies in theaters is relieved, as always, by New Directors/New Films, the annual spring festival presented by the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the Museum of Modern Art, which continues through Sunday. It is also a place to glimpse the future of movies, as fledgling careers take wing, and new hybrid forms (of science fiction and melodrama, of documentary and personal narrative) are explored. Manohla Dargis and A. O. Scott, chief film critics of The New York Times, discuss this week's highlights below.
4	  WASHINGTON — House Speaker John A. Boehner threw his weight on Wednesday behind the Senate deal to reopen the government and avert a default. He pledged to continue fighting President Obama's health care law, but in a different manner.That fight will continue. But blocking the bipartisan agreement reached today by the members of the Senate will not be a tactic for us.
4	  WASHINGTON — Open warfare is breaking out among rival Republican groups, with one, Main Street Advocacy, set to start an ad campaign on Wednesday that blames conservative groups like the Tea Party for the recent series of political losses in critical elections across the United States .The ad cites what it calls a  Hall of Shame,  including Representative Todd Akin, Republican of Missouri, who lost his bid for the Senate last year, despite a Tea Party endorsement, after he said a  legitimate rape  rarely causes pregnancy.
2	 That challenge is delivered as a stern warning to Coumba (Dior Ka, the first member of her rural Senegalese family to be formally educated, in the spare, moving film  Tall as the Baobab Tree.  Those words, spoken by Coumba's mother, encapsulate a guiding theme of the 24th edition of the Human Rights Watch Film Festival, presented by the Film Society of Lincoln Center through June 23 at Lincoln Center and the IFC Center. The festival's director, John Biaggi, describes the theme as the conflict between traditional patriarchal values and human rights .
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — Adrian Lamo, the former computer hacker who reported Pfc. Bradley Manning to military authorities in May 2010 after Private Manning confided that he had provided vast archives of secret government documents to WikiLeaks, testified at the soldier's court-martial on Tuesday that he saw parallels between his own youthful hacking offenses and those of the young Army intelligence analyst .Mr. Lamo, who testified for about half an hour, has been a polarizing figure in the WikiLeaks case .
4	  WASHINGTON — Microsoft has collaborated with the National Security Agency more extensively than it previously acknowledged, providing the spy agency with up-to-date access to its customer data whenever the company changes its encryption and related software technology, according to a new report based on disclosures by the former N.S.A. contractor Edward J. Snowden.Quoting classified internal N.S.A. newsletters obtained from Mr. Snowden, The Guardian newspaper reported that Microsoft had helped the security agency find ways to circumvent its encryption on its Outlook .
4	  CHARLESTON, S.C. — For many, a $10 or $20 cut in the monthly food budget would be absorbed with little notice.But for millions of poor Americans who rely on food stamps, reductions that began this month present awful choices. One gallon of milk for the kids instead of two. No fresh broccoli for dinner or snacks to take to school. Weeks of grits and margarine for breakfast.And for many, it will mean turning to a food pantry or a soup kitchen by the middle of the month.
2	 It's rare to hear a new work that surprises with both its beauty and originality, as does Caroline Shaw's a cappella Partita for Eight Voices, for which she was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in music earlier this year. Ms. Shaw, who is also a violinist, wrote the work for the ensemble Roomful of Teeth, of which she is a member. The Partita, released on New Amsterdam Records last year, incorporates nontraditional vocal techniques like Tuvan throat singing, yodeling, speech, murmurs and other vocal effects.
4	 STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — Two high school football stars were found guilty on Sunday of raping a 16-year-old girl last summer in a case that drew national attention for the way social media spurred the initial prosecution and later helped galvanize national outrage.Because the victim did not remember what had happened, scores of text messages and cellphone pictures provided much of the evidence. They were proof as well, some said, that Steubenville High School's powerhouse football team held too much sway over other teenagers, who documented and traded pictures of the assault while doing little or nothing to protect the girl.
1	  ScienceTake : What Makes Ticks Stick: Scientists studying ticks that carry Lyme bacteria wanted to know how these arachnids are able to stick so well to skin. The answer is a mouth that works like a ratchet.Chain saws, hockey masks and the undead are all classic symbols of horror. But for a true shiver of dread, take a look at a tick.
0	 (Reuters) - Victor Moses has withdrawn from Nigeria's squad for next month's World Cup football qualifiers and Confederation Cup tournament while Chelsea team mate John Obi Mikel has asked to be rested for a friendly against Mexico next week, Nigerian Football Federation officials said on Wednesday.Both players are in the United States with Chelsea this week for friendlies against Manchester City in St Louis and New York.
2	 The contract that brought Antonin Dvorak to New York to lead the National Conservatory of Music of America allowed him to earn more than 25 times what he had been earning in Prague, and opened a very fruitful period of his career in which he wrote some of his best-loved works, including the  New World  Symphony and the Cello Concerto.
2	  ABC has a gimmick show called  What Would You Do?,  in which fake situations are staged in front of unsuspecting people to see how they react. This weekend, on CNN, three documentaries about extraordinary individuals ask, in effect, a variation on that question: Could you do this? Nothing staged here; the programs present compelling real-life stories about men who, each in his own way, have set examples others might find daunting to follow.One,  An Unreal Dream: The Michael Morton Story,  tells the stunning, infuriating tale of Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — John O. Brennan's first difficult challenge at the C.I.A. may not be confronting the agency's future, but its past.Mr. Brennan, whose nomination is expected to be eventually approved by the Senate, will take charge at the agency where he worked for 25 years just as it faces a sweeping indictment of its now-defunct interrogation program — a blistering, 6,000-page Senate study that includes incendiary accusations that agency officials for years systematically misled the White House, the Justice Department and Congress about the so-called enhanced interrogation techniques like waterboarding that were used on Qaeda prisoners.
0	 MARANA, Ariz. — The desert weather was capricious, delivering snow on the first day and biting 30-mile-an-hour wind gusts on the last. Then there was the format at the Accenture Match Play Championship, which produced several winners so unpredictable the best way to pick them was out of a hat.Conquering the most fickle of tournaments was a player known for his constancy. Matt Kuchar, owner of an unchanging swing, an unshakable smile and an unflappable game, handed the defending champion, Hunter Mahan, a 2-and-1 defeat in the final Sunday at Dove Mountain .
0	 NEWARK — The Devils - Rangers rivalry picked up where it left off last spring during the Stanley Cup playoffs, with fans at sold-out Prudential Center chanting the names of Martin Brodeur and Adam Henrique.Henrique scored the overtime goal in Game 6 that eliminated the Rangers from the Eastern Conference finals last May, and he scored the first goal Tuesday — five minutes in — as the Devils tormented the Rangers anew, 3-1.
2	  The Merry Widow  stars Jeanette MacDonald and Maurice Chevalier (in the last of their musicals together) and/or France, which for Lubitsch was a mythical kingdom in itself. Lubitsch, who was born into a prosperous Jewish family in Berlin in, supposedly told an interviewer:  I have been to Paris, France, and Paris, Paramount. Paris, Paramount, is better. In his films, Paris becomes the fantasy capital of perfect freedom, tolerance and joie de vivre, qualities that were becoming difficult to find in the real Paris of the Depression, and by, essentially unknown in Lubitsch's hometown.
2	 With the possible exception of Marlon Brando, no male star of his era radiated more raw magnetism than Burt Lancaster, whose centennial is being celebrated by the Film Society of Lincoln Center this Friday through May. Nowadays, macho preening too often passes for the kind of feral grace radiated by Lancaster in films like  The Killers,  the 1946 noir classic adapted from a Ernest Hemingway short story and directed by Robert Siodmak.A former circus acrobat, Lancaster didn't have to flex his biceps to convey dangerous masculine authority .
4	  WASHINGTON — A sharply divided Senate committee on Thursday approved the nomination of Gina McCarthy to serve as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency .The Environment and Public Works Committee voted to clear Ms. McCarthy by 10-to-8 along strictly partisan lines, sending the nomination to the Senate floor where Republicans are threatening to filibuster unless the E.P.A. meets demands for additional information .The Democrats on the panel, chaired by Senator Barbara Boxer of California, were able to muster a majority through the presence of Senator Frank R.
2	 Heliogabalus was a third-century teenage Roman emperor who dressed in women's clothes and prostituted himself in the imperial palace, appointed an all-female senate and put a dancer in charge of the praetorian guard. According to the historian Lampridius, he traveled with 600 chariots  full of his male prostitutes, bawds, harlots and lusty partners in depravity  and referred to one blond charioteer, Hierocles, as his husband. He also married and divorced five women. When he was 18 and had ruled for nearly four years, he was murdered by his own guard.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Zach Johnson's putter was as red-hot as the weather at Muirfield on Thursday, the 2007 U.S. Masters champion scorching his way to a five-under-par 66 to set a blistering pace in the British Open first round.While the American was making an electric start to the third major of the year, world number two Rory McIlroy crashed to an eight-over 79 and European Ryder Cup team mate Luke Donald ballooned to an.
2	 AT 23 WILLY MOON is a throwback artist in the most contemporary mode, with an ear for melding early rock sounds with synthy production and hip-hop beats. Signed to a major label before he ever played a gig, Mr. Moon was noticed by Jack White, who released his single   Railroad Track   and took him on tour in England last year.
0	  Miguel Cabrera hit his first home run of the season and drove in four runs as the Detroit Tigers beat the visiting Toronto Blue Jays, 7-3, on Tuesday.The Blue Jays, who spent millions of dollars during the off-season to improve their roster, fell to 2-5 for their worst start since. We're not relaxing at all,  said Jose Reyes, one of the new Blue Jays .  We're disappointed in the way we've played. Coming off a Triple Crown season and an American League Most Valuable Player award, Cabrera had four hits and scored three times.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Every time Los Angeles exhales, odd-looking gadgets anchored in the mountains above the city trace the invisible puffs of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases that waft skyward.Halfway around the globe, similar contraptions atop the Eiffel Tower and elsewhere around Paris keep a pulse on emissions from smokestacks and automobile tailpipes. And there is talk of outfitting Sao Paulo, Brazil, with sensors that sniff the byproducts of burning fossil fuels .
4	 ANCHORAGE — For many Alaskans, Sarah Palin is a figure in the rearview mirror, the memories of her time as governor obscured and distorted by the national spotlight she stepped into as Republican vice-presidential candidate, pundit and Tea Party darling. And often as not the memories come with a grumble anyway, since her shooting-star career mostly took off after leaving the state .But now the Palin legacy is being burnished, if not a little airbrushed, by a seemingly unlikely source: Democrats . The reason is oil .Ms.
3	 Boeing's chief executive said on Wednesday that the company was pushing hard to fix reliability problems with its early 787 Dreamliners that have frustrated several airlines.The executive, W. James McNerney Jr., said the new fuel-efficient planes have been available for scheduled flights 97 percent of the time since the company began delivering them in late. But he said that airlines were still experiencing too many nagging parts failures and faulty warning messages caused by software problems, and that some airlines were running into more problems than others. We still have more to do,  Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — The fresh round of federal spending cuts scheduled to begin next week would slow economic growth in the next year, though not nearly as much as going over the so-called fiscal cliff might have, economists said.The cuts — a result of a policy known as sequestration — most likely would reduce growth by about one-half of a percentage point in, according to a range of government and private forecasters.That could be enough to again slow the arrival of a recovery, producing instead another year of sluggish growth and high unemployment .
4	 The share of American households with guns has declined over the past four decades, a national survey shows, with some of the most surprising drops in the South and the Western mountain states, where guns are deeply embedded in the culture.The gun ownership rate has fallen across a broad cross section of households since the early 1970s, according to data from the General Social Survey, a public opinion survey conducted every two years that asks a sample of American adults if they have guns at home, among other questions.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Shortly after the N.C.A.A tournament brackets were announced Sunday, Sam Rowley learned that his parents and his 19-year-old brother were working the phones to book flights so they could watch Albany's opening game here Friday afternoon . To be honest, I couldn't really believe they were doing it,  Rowley said.For his family, a trip to Philadelphia is a bit more rigorous than, say, taking a cab to the train station . The Rowleys live in Australia.It only complicated matters that his brother, Michael, recently had foot surgery but was adamant about coming.
3	 The stock market moved modestly higher on Monday, although the gains were widespread.All 10 industries tracked in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index advanced, and twice as many stocks rose as fell. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose more than 1 percent, the biggest gain among the key market indicators.And some industries rose sharply, including steel makers, home builders and airlines.While the market's overall gains were modest, they continued a powerful rally that has driven the S.& P. 500 index up nearly 24 percent this year. The S.& P.
2	 As usual, on that Friday afternoon, Mable Snodgrass, a 19-year-old first-time mother, was at home in Echols, Ky., watching  As the World Turns.  Ten minutes in, at about:40 p.m., the soapy drama was bubbling. Nancy Hughes, played by Helen Wagner, had just told Grandpa (Santos Ortega) that her son, Bob, had invited his ex-wife, the scheming Lisa, and their young son, Tom, to Thanksgiving dinner.After his initial shock, Grandpa ventured,  That was real nice of the boy.
4	  MIAMI — Be it gold, silver or bronze level, there are two ironclad requirements for buying health insurance in Florida on the federal online exchange : patience and persistence. Please wait,  read the message on the exchange Web site .  Your account cannot be created at this time,  read another. Or, worse yet, an applicant's information simply vanished into the ether, and neither the 800 number nor the online chat session could reverse its disappearance.
0	 The computer document was named LetterOfLife. Robbie Rogers, a former member of the United States national team and a professional soccer player in England, wrote it one night last December, pounding on his keyboard while sitting in bed. When he finished, he saved it on the main screen of his laptop and it stayed there, for more than two months, while Rogers alternately pondered it, ignored it and agonized over whether he could make it public.Finally, on the afternoon of Feb.
3	 IN a confidential test lab in a remote office park near the Frankfurt airport, a small Lufthansa team holed up for five years, refining one of the German airline's most closely guarded secrets . They called it the V concept.Six feet six inches long and almost two feet wide, the V concept is the German carrier's latest weapon in the fierce competition among global airlines. It is designed to withstand shocks 16 times the force of gravity and comes with a cozy padded footrest.
4	 When Barack and Michelle Obamawere married in Chicago two decades ago, Santita Jackson, a daughter of the Rev.Jesse L. Jackson, sang at their wedding. When Mr. Obama ran for his first national office, he made sure he was not stepping on the ambitions of her brother,Jesse L. Jackson Jr ., who later became a co-chairman of his 2008 presidential campaign .Now the younger Mr. Jackson, 47, who served 17 years as a congressman representing his hometown, is most likely headed to prison for campaign fraud, trailed by a string of problems from an extramarital affair to mental illness .
0	 NEW YORK — Still waiting for a test at this U.S. Open, top-seeded Novak Djokovic moved into the fourth round by beating 95th-ranked Joao Sousa of Portugal, 6-2, 6-2 on Sunday night .Djokovic's serve was broken only once, when he served for the match at 5-1 in the third set. He's been broken once in each match while winning all nine sets he's played so far.His six career Grand Slam titles include the 2011 U.S. Open, and he has reached at least the semifinals at Flushing Meadows each of the past six years.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Brett Pill has been bugging Hunter Pence for hitting tips lately, and for good reason: His Giants teammate has homered in four straight games .Pill summed up Pence's advice this way:  I just try to kill the ball. Did he ever against the Dodgers .Pence hit two more homers, Pill connected for a tiebreaking shot leading off the eighth inning, and San Francisco Giants beat Los Angeles 4-3 on Sunday.Pence said he simply told Pill,  I try to see the ball and hit it as hard as I can.
2	 FOUR years ago, on the historic occasion of Barack Obama 's first inauguration, we took a look at the good, bad and outrageous movie characters who helped make his election possible. The road to the White House, we wrote, hadn't just been paved by Mr. Obama's speeches, innovative campaign strategies and the hopefulness of a majority of voters, but also by decades of African-American men in movies .
3	  Hong Kong — Trapped in black rock beneath China's mountains and deserts lies a resource that could be a way of supplying some of the country's insatiable demand for energy, while reducing the toxic air pollution that cloaks many of its cities.Like the United States, China is thought to have vast quantities of natural gas locked in shale rock . If it can be produced, this gas would be a much cleaner source of energy than the coal the country relies on for 70 percent of its energy .According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, or E.I.A.
2	 VLADIVOSTOK, Russia —  Ilya! Ilya!  came the chant from the crowd of thousands in the central square here on a recent night. Clad in a retro-futuristic silver suit, Ilya Lagutenko, this city's hometown star and the frontman of one of the country's most popular bands, Mumiy Troll, flipped his hair and sang, in English and Russian, about love, sailors and other matters of local pride.The rock show's setting — in this formerly closed-off Soviet military enclave — is one of the last places you would expect to find a posse of multicultural indie rockers.
2	 THE Brooklyn documentarians Audrey Ewell and Aaron Aites were watching live online as Occupy Wall Street started its ill-fated march over the Brooklyn Bridge . It was October, and  there was this crazy drama unfolding,  Ms. Ewell said.  All of a sudden everybody is being arrested — and then the guy who was filming it said his batteries were running low, and the screen went black. Ms. Ewell turned on the television.  There was absolutely nothing,  she said.  No coverage of 740 people being arrested on the Brooklyn Bridge .  So she and Mr.
3	 PARIS — France's Constitutional Council gave the go-ahead on Sunday to the government's so-called millionaire tax, to be levied on companies that pay salaries of more than 1 million euros a year.The measure, introduced in line with a pledge by President François Hollande to make the rich do more to pull France out of its financial crisis, has infuriated business leaders and soccer teams, which at one point threatened to go on strike .It was originally intended as a 75 percent tax to be paid by high earners on the portion of annual income exceeding €1 million, or roughly.
0	 MADRID — Departing Malaga coach Manuel Pellegrini will have a square named after him in the Andalusian city after a successful three-year stint at the club, the local authority said on Monday.The square, near Malaga's Rosasleda stadium, will be officially named at a ceremony on Thursday, the authority said in a brief statement on its Twitter feed (@ malaga .Chilean Pellegrini, awarded a gold medal by the Costa del Sol city last month, remains hugely popular with the Malaga fans despite deciding to move on.
1	  WASHINGTON — As the world gets warmer, people are more likely to get hot under the collar, scientists say. A massive new study finds that aggressive acts like committing violent crimes and waging war become more likely with each added degree.Researchers analyzed 60 studies on historic empire collapses, recent wars, violent crime rates in the United States, lab simulations that tested police decisions on when to shoot and even cases where pitchers threw deliberately at batters in baseball . They found a common thread over centuries: Extreme weather — very hot or dry — means more violence .
0	  DETROIT — Third baseman Miguel Cabrera is out of the starting lineup for Detroit's game against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday night .Cabrera has been bothered by a strained left abdominal wall for more than a month. The reigning AL MVP made an early exit from each of the Tigers' last two games.Cabrera leads the majors with a.359 average and 130 RBIs, and his 43 home runs put him four behind Baltimore's Chris Davis . He is seeking his second consecutive Triple Crown .
4	 Outside a 2008 meeting of the Republican Governors Association in Grapevine, Tex., a reporter asked Gov . Rick Perry if he was running for re- election .It was a far-fetched notion at the time. Until Mr. Perry came along, no Texas governor had been on track to serve three consecutive four-year terms.So when Mr. Perry answered yes, it was like a bomb went off inside the Texas political establishment — and inside Mr. Perry's office, too, because his aides were about as surprised as the average Capitol insider.With Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — In early, John E. Potter, then the postmaster general, delivered a dire warning to Congress : The United States Postal Service would run out of money unless lawmakers stepped in and passed legislation to help the agency stabilize its finances .Since then, the post office has seen revenue for first-class mail — the agency's cash cow — decline by.4 billion. It has defaulted on three annual.5 billion payments into a health care fund for its future retirees . It has also exhausted its $15 billion borrowing limit from the Treasury Department .
3	 LONDON — The head of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development sought to make climate change a higher priority on the global agenda, urging the world on Wednesday to eliminate all emissions from burning fossil fuels sometime in the second half of this century.Ángel Gurría, secretary general of the O.E.C.D., the Paris-based club of 34 industrialized countries, said that he wanted to put   climate change back on the front burner  after the issue became less of a priority during the financial crisis . Mr.
2	  CARDIFF, Wales — Donizetti never thought of his three operas about Tudor queens as a trilogy and scarcely anyone else did either until the soprano Beverly Sills sang them at the New York City Opera in the 1970s. Each with a libretto by a different author, they were premiered over a seven-year period (1830-1837) in different Italian theaters, with different singers as the royal protagonists: Giuditta Pasta ( Anna Bolena, Maria Malibran ( Maria Stuarda ) and Giuseppina Ronzi de Begnis (Elizabeth I in  Roberto Devereux.The stories, familiar from both history and literary fabrications, are far apart chronologically.
1	 A nearly complete skeleton of a tiny, ancient primate — one that weighed no more than an ounce, had a tail longer than its body and would fit in the palm of your hand — is the earliest well-preserved fossil primate ever found, dating back some 55 million years and dialing back the fossil record for primates by an impressive eight million years, a research team declared on Wednesday.
0	 Think of John Farrell as a parent who leaves a pristine home and returns awhile later to find it in shambles .When Farrell left his job as the Boston Red Sox pitching coach, after the 2010 season, the team had two young starters, both 26 years old, who seemed ready to enter their prime. When he came back this season as manager, after two years doing that job in Toronto, those pitchers had lost their way.They are Jon Lester and Clay Buchholz, and both pitched a no-hitter under Farrell's tutelage.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama said on Thursday that he would nominate John A. Koskinen, a widely respected manager who took charge of a bankrupt Freddie Mac, to head another troubled institution, the Internal Revenue Service .Should Mr. Koskinen win Senate confirmation — he is well regarded among lawmakers of both parties — he would become commissioner at a periodic low point for the tax-collection agency, after accusations from Republicans that it unfairly targeted conservative groups in screening their tax-exempt status .Mr. Koskinen would fill the opening created when the Obama administration dismissed the acting I.R.S. commissioner, Steven T.
3	  WASHINGTON — In a low-income neighborhood in Bozeman, Mont., taxpayers helped pay for the construction of a grocery store, Town and Country Foods. They are doing the same in New Orleans, with federal dollars helping to build new groceries, including a Whole Foods, in an area still suffering after Hurricane Katrina .The Bozeman project relied on tax credits, while New Orleans is using federal grant money . To economists — and to taxpayers — that makes no real difference .
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Philadelphia 76ers center Andrew Bynum has completed his rehabilitation from season-ending knee surgery and is set to resume basketball workouts next week.Bynum's agent, David Lee, told The Associated Press on Monday night there's  not a concern in the world  that Bynum will be ready for training camp .He also said he had no conversations with the Sixers and does not expect any kind of deal with the team before the 7- foot center becomes a free agent on July.
0	  The Philadelphia Eagles are sending receiver Riley Cooper to sensitivity training after he was caught on video making a racial slur. In meeting with Riley yesterday, we decided together that his next step will be to seek outside assistance to help him fully understand the impact of his words and actions,  the team said in a statement Thursday.  He needs to reflect. As an organization, we will provide the resources he needs to do so.
4	  DETROIT — An emergency manager assigned to lead this city back from the brink of financial ruin has taken his first detailed look at Detroit's woes, and the picture of debt and disarray he paints may be bleaker even than earlier grim portrayals.In a report to be presented to Michigan's treasurer on Monday, Kevyn D. Orr, the emergency manager appointed in March to take over operations here, described long-term obligations of at least $15 billion, unsustainable cash flow shortages and miserably low credit ratings that make it difficult to borrow.And in the face of those fiscal troubles, Mr.
2	 Years of jostling among television networks for the first on-camera interview of Amanda Knox ended on Monday with ABC emerging as the victor.Diane Sawyer, the anchor of ABC's   World News,  will conduct the interview of Ms. Knox, which will be televised in prime time on April, the network announced. A book by Ms. Knox,  Waiting to Be Heard,  will be published the same day.Ms. Knox, an American college student studying abroad in Perugia, Italy, was convicted of murdering her housemate in, then freed two years later when an appeals court overturned the judgment.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Drilling into a rock near its landing spot, the Curiosity rover has answered a key question about Mars: The red planet long ago harbored some of the ingredients needed for primitive life to thrive.Topping the list is evidence of water and basic elements that teeny organisms could feed on, scientists said Tuesday.
2	 He was the big fish in the small pond that was the Greenwich Village folk music scene circa, sought out and emulated by newcomers like Bob Dylan and Tom Paxton. But by the time his memoir,  The Mayor of Macdougal Street,  was published posthumously in, Dave Van Ronk had been relegated almost to a footnote in the history of American popular music, better known for the many singer-songwriters whose careers he had fostered than for his own work.Now Van Ronk may finally be about to get his due.
0	  Chris Johnson was hitting.369 after the first month of the season, a torrid pace that did not match his ordinary track record . Before his first game in May, by his locker at Turner Field in Atlanta, Johnson tried to explain his sudden success. I've had some good weeks, but a month like this — probably not,  Johnson said. Just trying to keep it simple, really,  he said.  For me, one of the things I've tried to focus on is being consistent.
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — The student did not try to hide the shotgun he carried into Arapahoe High School at:30 p.m. Friday. He sought to confront a teacher, law enforcement officials said, and asked his classmates where he could find him.The teacher slipped away from the building, but officials said the gunman seriously wounded one student and then died, apparently of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Gov . John W. Hickenlooper of Colorado called the episode an  all-too-familiar sequence  in a state that has endured two of the country's worst mass shootings .
4	 Although there was no suicide note, investigators believed that they had found the next best thing — cryptic text messages expressing concern about her daughter, Alexis, that Ms. O'Connell had sent while attending a rock concert that evening with Mr. Banks and her brother Sean. Promise me one thing,  she texted her sister Christine,  Lexi will be happy and always have atood life. To her brother Scott:  Lexi never forget. To investigators, the texts signaled a despondent young woman on the verge of suicide.Remarkably, though, they never asked her sister and brother to interpret those messages.
2	 IN the basement of a Chelsea office building this week, workmen wired a recording studio so new it still smelled of freshly cut wood. In the floors above, vintage instruments lay waiting to be played, and shiny cans of Red Bull energy drink were stacked shoulder-high.All were part of the preparations for the Red Bull Music Academy, a five-week series of concerts, lectures, art installations and workshops that is one of the biggest musical happenings in New York, as well as perhaps the most elaborate example of the reach of corporate brands into popular culture .
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — Phil Mickelson 's Sunday at the 113th United States Open began with fans singing   Happy Birthday   to him as he appeared on the practice range at:20 p.m. Almost exactly five hours later, the fans in the grandstand behind the 18th green cheered, chanted and stomped their feet as Mickelson walked toward them.In Mickelson's cavalcade of disappointment at the Open, he often approaches a closing scene like this with a lead. No one has finished second in the event as often as Mickelson .
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Growth at service companies slowed slightly in January as a result of weaker new orders and slower business activity . But hiring improved, providing a bright sign for the economy .The Institute for Supply Management said Tuesday that its index of nonmanufacturing activity dipped to.2 in January. That was down from.7 in December, which was the highest level in nearly a year. Any reading above 50 indicates expansion.The modest decline from December's strong reading suggests the industry was not greatly hampered by an increase in Social Security taxes that reduced take-home pay for most Americans.
2	 In 1613  John Bull left England for Flanders, where he soon took up a position as organist at Antwerp Cathedral. If his reputation as a composer and keyboard virtuoso preceded him, so did fame of another kind.  The man hath more music than honesty and is as famous for marring of virginity as he is for fingering of organs and virginals,  wrote George Abbot, the archbishop of Canterbury . Of all Elizabethan composers, Bull had the most picaresque life, punctuated with fistfights, adultery and, possibly, a stint as a spy .
2	  It's a view with a room — now you've seen it,  Judy Blume said, smiling and pulling shut the shade in her apartment overlooking Central Park West . It was morning and still bright inside her living room, done in soft colors and wood, with stuffed bookshelves and unpretentious modern art. Over the sofa hung a tasteful assemblage of female nudes. (Some were painted by a friend, Lincoln Perry, who is married to the author Ann Beattie.  But that is not Ann,  Ms. Blume noted.
3	  WASHINGTON — It started off as yet another staid International Monetary Fund conference on financial crises, filled with ample praise for one of its high-wattage speakers, Ben S. Bernanke, the Federal Reserve chairman, and carefully calibrated comments on optimal monetary policy .Now that he is no longer a candidate to head the Federal Reserve, Mr. Summers — who withdrew from consideration this fall in the face of stiff resistance in Congress, with the White House ultimately nominating Janet L. Yellen — was perhaps freer to speak in his trademark blunt style.
4	  MIAMI — After two months of false starts, error messages and pleas for patience from the once-hobbled federal online health care exchange, Karen Egozi, the chief executive of the Epilepsy Foundation of Florida, watched on Monday as counselors navigated the website's pages with relative ease.Click. Next page. Click. Next page. The website, HealthCare. gov, was working so well that Ms.
2	 During Shirley Clarke's mesmerizing 1967 nonfiction film,  Portrait of Jason,  an African-American hustler sits, talks, stands and talks some more, spinning words that sometimes feel like webs and at other times like walls. The first thing he says is,  My name is Jason Holliday,  twice. He laughs and then says,  My name is Aaron Payne.
4	 COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa — The biggest donors in the Republican Party are financing a new group to recruit seasoned candidates and protect Senate incumbents from challenges by far-right conservatives and Tea Party enthusiasts who Republican leaders worry could complicate the party's efforts to win control of the Senate .The group, the Conservative Victory Project, is intended to counter other organizations that have helped defeat establishment Republican candidates over the last two election cycles. It is the most robust attempt yet by Republicans to impose a new sense of discipline on the party, particularly in primary races.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — After standing on the field in a drenching rain for more than three hours at MetLife Stadium, Tom Coughlin and Mike Shanahan met at midfield and wished each other well.It was the same thing the two 60-something head coaches had done twice a year for the past four years when the Washington Redskins played the New York Giants .When they did it Sunday after the Giants' 20-6 victory, it was different. It was the last time.
2	 On a sunny weekday morning in a cafe in Brooklyn the French director Gilles Bourdos is flipping through his laptop's gallery of international art. There's a charcoal study of Cézanne card players; Picasso's inkblot Don Quixote, tilting his lance at the Spanish sun; and a blue-hued, Old World fantasy, bearing the kaleidoscopic hallmarks of Marc Chagall.Many would consider the images art. The authorities considered them evidence. All are from the case file of Guy Ribes, the convicted French art forger whose hands have copied some of the world's great masterpieces and are currently starring in Mr. Bourdos's new movie .
2	  LOS ANGELES — Jewish, women's and family organizations on Monday publicly flung knives at Seth MacFarlane's off-color Oscar show. Hollywood for the most part stayed true to form and aimed its cutlery at his back.Post-Oscar Monday found the movie capital coming to grips with a 3-hour-35- minute ceremony that climbed in the ratings but at its best seemed to hide a great year for film behind a flurry of musical numbers, TV memories and Michelle Obama . At its worst, members of the Academy of the Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said, the ceremony trafficked in offensive humor.
0	 Paul Finebaum, the radio host known for his popular college football show, has joined ESPN, The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday. His reported start date is Aug. 1.Finebaum's contract with WJOX, a station based in Birmingham, Ala., expired in January. He had not commented on his future until the Tuesday report, which said Finebaum would move to Charlotte, N.C., from Birmingham, Ala., for a package that includes a radio show on ESPN networks and 100 television appearances, The radio show will be simulcast on the SEC Network, which is owned by ESPN and is set to begin in August.
4	  SIOUX FALLS, S.D. — Many Democrats in this state and beyond saw in Stephanie Herseth Sandlin an ideal candidate to help the party retain the Senate seat that Tim Johnson is giving up next year.She gained statewide popularity winning three full terms to the House of Representatives, where she voted against President Obama's health care law, for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage, and against cap and trade . That is the type of Democrat who is considered able to win elections in red states .So when Ms.
2	 John Wayne's career as a leading man began in, but he didn't become a star until the late 1940s, when an extraordinary series of films — Howard Hawks's   Red River, John Ford's  She Wore a Yellow Ribbon  (1949) and Allan Dwan's  Sands of Iwo Jima   (1949) — revealed a new, middle-aged gravity and a dormant ability to play distant, troubled men.
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — Frank Gore saw a huge hole with the clock ticking down and his team trailing, and went for it with everything he had.Maybe not a season-saving 51-yard burst, but darn close to it. The San Francisco 49ers are far from ready to hand over their two-year division reign — and certainly not on their home field, where they rarely lose against the NFC West .Phil Dawson kicked a 22-yard field goal with 26 seconds remaining and the Niners held off the Seahawks 19-17 on Sunday, denying Seattle a chance to clinch the division at Candlestick Park.
0	 CORAL SPRINGS, Fla. — It was 90 degrees outside as the Florida Panthers skated through training camp drills at their practice rink this week. Such temperatures are common here during the season, which, according to some theories, is why the Panthers have been so bad for so long, and why so many N.H.L. careers came here to die.  Years ago a player would come down to play for a Southern team at the end of their career, and they knew it,  said Craig Ramsay, a Panthers assistant who was previously the last head coach of the Atlanta Thrashers.
1	 Scientists' discovery that rodents, bats and nonhuman primates have a system in the brain for what amounts to dead reckoning navigation is one of the most important brain research developments of the past few decades.The system is built on what are called grid cells, neurons that emit pulses of electricity in a regular pattern that maps the animal's movement.Scientists predicted they would find grid cells in humans, and now they have.J oshua Jacobs of Drexel University in Philadelphia and a team of scientists including Michael J. Kahana at the University of Pennsylvania and Dr. Itzhak Fried at U.C.L.A.
2	 MADRID — José Luis Garci is one of the few Spaniards to ever win an Oscar. In, the director's  Begin the Beguine  became the first Spanish production to win an Academy Award for best foreign language movie .But his latest,  Holmes and Watson, Madrid Days,  was met with little enthusiasm. It got a lukewarm response when it was released last September. Over six weeks, its audience steadily decreased.Then, in its seventh and final weekend, ticket sales rose,300 percent.
4	  DETROIT — If people along the streets of this city seem less than consumed by the prospect of choosing a new mayor on Tuesday, perhaps it is the barrage of distractions: the governor who has been testifying in a courthouse here about Detroit's descent into bankruptcy; the appointed emergency manager who has brought in his own team to run City Hall ; the long list of questions about the fate of this city's artwork, its streetlights, its tens of thousands of empty buildings.
3	 Even though Congress's last-minute deal means higher taxes for almost all Americans, businesses and consumers are relieved that some of the uncertainty about what they will owe the government this year is gone. Once something gets settled, even if it's not the most popular settlement option, it still gives you a sense of what the rules are and what you need to do to readjust,  said Sam Ramey, the owner of Sultan Mediterranean Cafe in North Andover, Mass., who says he hopes the deal will bolster the spirits of his customers .
0	  AKRON, Ohio — So much for course knowledge. Webb Simpson, playing his first competitive round at Firestone Country Club, shot a 6-under 64 on Thursday to take a one-stroke lead in the Bridgestone Invitational .It all came down to trust. Well, I knew it all through my caddie (Paul Tesori, who's been here so many years,  Simpson said.  I just kind of had to listen to him. Tesori has caddied for years on tour, for Vijay Singh and Jerry Kelly, in addition to being a pro himself.
0	 (Reuters) - Alex Ferguson bowed out of management on Sunday with a smile, a wave and a bucketful of goals in his,500th Manchester United game but without the victory he had so wanted.The 71-year-old Scot entered retirement having watched his Premier League champions draw 5-5 at West Bromwich Albion on the final day of the season having led 5-2 with 11 minutes to go.Before the game he had spoken of his desire to go out on a high after more than 26 years in the job but he was not really referring to the type of score.
0	  WIMBLEDON, England — After all the weirdness and wackiness at this Wimbledon, the men's final Sunday will be the one most people expected: No. 1 Novak Djokovic versus No. 2 Andy Murray .It took quite a long time to get there, though. Djokovic's semifinal against Juan Martín del Potro started a little after 1 p.m. local time. When Murray dispatched Jerzy Janowicz, 6-7 (2), 6-4, 6-4, 6-3, it was:37 p.m. Murray, who lost last year's final here, has another chance to become the first British man to win Wimbledon since Fred Perry in.
0	  TORONTO — Mark Buehrle made short work of the Houston Astros, then made even shorter work of his manager's postgame media session.Buehrle pitched a two-hitter, and the Toronto Blue Jays ended a season-worst, seven-game losing streak by beating the Houston Astros 4-0 on Thursday night . Today was one of those days when obviously I had a lot of stuff working for me,  Buehrle said.After Buehrle wrapped up a brisk:18 game with a 1-2-3 ninth, Blue Jays manager John Gibbons didn't get the chance to say much about it.
3	  ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released this week includes the ISM manufacturing index for May, construction spending for April and domestic car and truck sales for May (Monday; United States trade deficit figures for April (Tuesday; the ADP jobs report for May, the ISM purchasing manager index for May, factory orders for April and the Federal Reserve's Beige Book (Wednesday; weekly initial jobless claims (Thursday; and federal unemployment figures for May (Friday. CORPORATE EARNINGS Companies scheduled to report results include Dollar General (Tuesday; and Hovnanian Enterprises and Francesca's Holdings (Wednesday.
3	 FRANKFURT — Lufthansa announced its largest-ever aircraft order on Thursday, saying it would buy 59 Airbus and Boeing wide-body jets, including a new version of Boeing's 777 jet.The deal, worth 14 billion euros, or almost $19 billion, at list prices, expands a sweeping fleet renewal by Lufthansa, Europe's largest airline by revenue . The German carrier confirmed an order for 100 Airbus short-haul planes in March.
2	 SALZBURG, Austria — This year's Salzburg Easter Festival began on Saturday with a production of Wagner's  Parsifal  that imagined the sorcerer Klingsor's castle of false pleasures as a museum.The stage was covered in large-scale reproductions of classical statuary, pale and impassive. Hanging upside down from the rafters were mirror images of the sculptures, a wearying landscape of beauty turned dull and proper by overaccumulation and overconsumption. Klingsor's great error, the production suggested, was that he had gotten lost in the past.
4	 A detained Mexican woman who had been shackled to her hospital bed while giving birth in Nashville will receive,000 in a settlement and also has the prospect of a resident visa.The monetary settlement, which was approved on Tuesday by the council governing Nashville and Davidson County, Tenn., closes a five-year legal battle that began when the woman, Juana Villegas, was arrested in July 2008 after a traffic stop in a Nashville suburb.And in an unusual move, a federal judge has urged immigration authorities to give Ms. Villegas a special visa that is generally offered to crime victims.
0	 The visitors from Canada were in their all-red uniforms, which meant the Red Bulls had a choice: wear all white at home, instead of white jerseys and socks with red shorts, or for the first time at Red Bull Arena, be outfitted in the club's away uniform of blue jersey, yellow shorts and blue socks. The Red Bulls opted for the away look, an involuntary fashion statement at the end of Fashion Week in Manhattan.
3	 Italy's telecommunications regulator may decide this coming week whether to support a proposal to rescue Telecom Italia, the troubled former telephone monopoly, by allowing it to spin off a stake in its landline grid, the largest in Italy.The president of the regulatory agency AgCom, Angelo Marcello Cardani, is expected to address the question during the presentation of the regulator's annual report in Rome on Tuesday.
1	  ATLANTIC CITY — Five miles offshore from the Golden Nugget casino, Michael F. Crowley, a marine scientist at Rutgers University, heaves three lifeboat-yellow drones off the back of his research vessel.The gliders, as he calls them, are winged and propellerless, like miniature Tomahawk missiles . Two are on loan from the Navy, and one, Rutgers's own, is pockmarked from a past shark attack . As they slink into the Atlantic to begin a monthlong mission, they join a fleet of 12 others across the Eastern Seaboard, from Nova Scotia to Georgia .
3	  OTTAWA — Take a walk down an aisle at Pro Hockey Life, an emporium of the Canadian national sport here on the capital's southern fringe, and a customer comes away with a decidedly non-Canadian feel. Almost every pad, mask, stick and skate is made elsewhere — mostly in Asia, often by foreign-owned manufacturers .Just about the only thing Canadian about buying hockey equipment in Canada has for years been the tariff on imported goods. Now, even that quirk of Canadian hockey history is going away.
2	 They are akin to NASA astronauts or the pioneers of Silicon Valley — except they lived,300 years ago, and it was the high seas that demanded navigation, not outer space or the Internet .The Vikings, who like those later explorers were driven by curiosity and armed with the latest innovations, also set out to conquer an uncharted world, the breadth and possibilities of which could not be entirely conceived.Their struggles, both internal and external, are extravagantly brought to life in   Vikings,  the History channel's ambitious nine-part drama series from Michael Hirst, creator of  The Tudors.
3	  FRANKFURT — The European Central Bank on Wednesday outlined the parameters for a wide-ranging review of commercial banks that is designed to expose and fix any problems and ultimately allow credit to begin flowing normally again, a prerequisite for faster economic growth . Mario Draghi, president of the E.C.B., said the review, which will begin in November and take a year, would be  an important step forward for Europe and for the future of the euro area economy .
3	 AMERICAN companies are more profitable than ever — and more profitable than we thought they were before the government revised the national income accounts last week. Wage earners are making less than we thought, in part because the government now thinks it was overestimating the amount of income not reported by taxpayers .
4	  WASHINGTON — Responding to sharp criticism from Republicans for his work on housing discrimination and voting rights at the Justice Department, Thomas E. Perez, President Obama's choice to head the Labor Department, on Thursday defended his record and said that if confirmed, his focus would be on tackling the nation's high unemployment rate . Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, the ranking Republican on the labor committee, cited a scathing report from other Republican lawmakers as he questioned Mr. Perez about a deal he helped broker with officials in St .
2	 Last spring, reflecting on the completion of New York City Opera's first season as an itinerant company bringing productions to the people in theaters throughout the city, George Steel, its general and artistic director, defended his decision to abandon Lincoln Center and argued that things were going well. We are playing to our strengths,  Mr. Steel said in an interview. Looking ahead to the 2012-13 season, he said that City Opera would be  out in the city with four brand-new productions of unusual works.  That, he asserted,  is what our audiences are interested in. Maybe so.
4	  BOSTON — Vern Bengston, a retired teacher who made a pilgrimage from Idaho to Boston's historic Faneuil Hall, was hopping mad. The storied building, where the likes of Samuel Adams, Daniel Webster and Frederick Douglass once held forth, is collateral damage in the government shutdown .Mr. Bengston, who had taught government, was disgusted that politicians in Washington had allowed the government to grind to a halt.  This makes me feel like all those things I taught for 35 years were lies,  he said.To add insult to injury, the bathrooms at the visitors' center were also shut.
2	  THE past 20 years or so have turned indie filmmaking into a brand as much as an ethos, and one side effect has been a certain amnesia. Long before indie became the trademark of a festival in Utah (much less a term at times as contentious as hipster, a revolution in cinema occurred on several fronts in New York. Shot on location, often on meager budgets, these films tapped into the city's cultural and social energies: its streets, its people, its artistic fervor.But this wasn't the 1990s, or even the '80s — more along the lines of Eisenhower or Kennedy.
0	 PARIS — 'If at first you don't succeed try, try, try again' could be David Ferrer's personal motto after the Spaniard reached his maiden grand slam final on Friday at his 42nd tilt at a major.Since tennis turned professional in, the previous longest wait for a player who eventually reached a grand slam final was Kim Warwick's 32 majors after he fought his way into the Australian Open title match in.
4	 IRVINE, Calif. — For 37 years, Exodus International was the leading beacon of the  ex gay   movement, which maintained that gay men and lesbians could change their sexual orientation through prayer and psychotherapy.But on the opening night of the group's 38th annual conference here, Exodus International announced that the organization would disband, amid growing skepticism among its top officials and board members that sexual attractions can be changed.For the past year, the group's president, Alan Chambers, has been increasingly vocal in proclaiming that therapy could not change a person's sexual orientation .
1	 Educators unveiled new guidelines on Tuesday that call for sweeping changes in the way science is taught in the United States — including, for the first time, a recommendation that climate change be taught as early as middle school .The guidelines also take a firm stand that children must learn about evolution, the central organizing idea in the biological sciences for more than a century, but one that still provokes a backlash among some religious conservatives .The guidelines, known as the Next Generation Science Standards, are the first broad national recommendations for science instruction since.
4	 Seeking an elusive middle ground on an issue that has divided its ranks and drawn heated national debate, the Boy Scouts of America on Friday proposed ending its longstanding ban on openly gay scouts but continuing to bar gay adults from serving as leaders . The decision must be approved by the roughly,400 voting members of the Scouts' National Council at a meeting in Texas the week of May. No youth may be denied membership in the Boy Scouts of America on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone,  the proposed policy states .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate approved a sweeping new farm bill on Monday that will cost nearly $955 billion over the next 10 years, the first step in a renewed attempt at passing legislation that will set the country's food and agriculture programs and policy.The bill, which finances programs as diverse as crop insurance for farmers, food assistance for low-income families and foreign food aid, passed with overwhelming bipartisan support, 66 to. The Senate passed a similar bill last year, but the House failed to bring its bill to a vote.
0	  SAN ANTONIO — On his first day as a college assistant coach, Ricky Williams was already thinking bigger. Williams was introduced as the running backs coach at the University of the Incarnate Word on Thursday, bringing years of knowledge of the game to the small Catholic school looking to build its program.Before taking the field for his first practice with the team, Williams was asked if he could see himself eventually becoming a head coach . This my first experience coaching, but of course,  he said before flashing a huge grin and laughing.
4	  COLORADO SPRINGS — Mayor Michael R . Bloomberg of New York and the billionaire philanthropist Eli Broad have each donated hundreds of thousands of dollars . The National Rifle Association is buying political advertisements. New York's junior senator sent a fund-raising e-mail. And the election has attracted news coverage from as far away as Sweden.All this over a homegrown campaign to oust two Democratic state senators who provided crucial support for a package of strict new state gun control laws .
0	 NORMAL, Ill. — Daishon Knight had 20 points and six rebounds as Illinois State beat No. 25 Dayton 81-75 on Saturday night .Bobby Hunter scored 16 points and Zach Lofton added 13 for the Redbirds.Vee Sanford had 14 points and Jordan Sibert added 13 to lead the Flyers . Illinois State jumped to a 6-0 lead and held a 39-32 advantage at the half. The Redbirds led by as many as 10 points in the first half, thanks to a tough defense that kept Dayton from getting good looks at the basket.
4	  President Obama 's political team is fanning out across the country in pursuit of an ambitious goal: raising $50 million to convert his re- election campaign into a powerhouse national advocacy network, a sum that would rank the new group as one of Washington's biggest lobbying operations.But the rebooted campaign, known as Organizing for Action, has plunged the president and his aides into a campaign finance limbo with few clear rules, ample potential for influence-peddling, and no real precedent in national politics .In private meetings and phone calls, Mr.
2	 The Michael Bublé charm offensive hit the ground running this week. On Tuesday, the release date for his sixth studio album,  To Be Loved  (Reprise, Mr. Bublé put in a shift as guest co-host on  Today  and later taped an interview with   Nightline .  On Wednesday he was booked heavily with radio spots plugging the album and its insistently perky lead single,  It's a Beautiful Day.
1	  LOS ANGELES — A raven-sized creature that lived about 150 million years ago is back on its perch, a new study says.Widely pegged as the earliest known bird, Archaeopteryx's status was called into question two years ago by Chinese scientists. They proposed yanking the prehistoric creature off the  bird  branch of the evolutionary family tree and moving it onto a closely related lineage of birdlike dinosaurs.Now an international team led by the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences believes Archaeopteryx (ahr-kee-AHP'-teh-rihx) should indeed be considered a bird.
2	 CAMBRIDGE, Mass. — On a recent Tuesday afternoon, Tod Machover, a professor of music and media at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Media Lab and head of the Opera of the Future group there, assembled his students in his glass-walled lab. The space was cluttered with computers, triangular-headed robots, colorful fabric-covered children's toys and digital control tables. A large metal chandelier hung suspended from the ceiling, its swooping curves and fanned-out spokes giving it the look of a mathematically minded jellyfish.But at this moment all eyes were fixed on the Cauldron, a computer program developed by Mr.
3	 BIG market moves always give investors a bit of portfolio vertigo. Are you too close to the edge in terms of risk? Could you get burned again as in?Few retirement savers do a comprehensive review of their portfolios to see if the sum of the parts creates an unwieldy amount of risk. But by turning to some commonly used gauges in money management circles and asking some crucial questions, you can quantify your portfolio risk — and decide how much will allow you to sleep at night.
2	  Lady Gaga the relentless is back in full force on  Artpop  (Streamline/Interscope, her third full-length studio album of new songs. It took hip surgery, for injuries that she had aggravated onstage, to knock her off her tour and sideline her from media exposure for a few months earlier this year.
0	 Mika Zibanejad scored the deciding goal in a shootout to carry the host Ottawa Senators past the Devils, 3-2, on Monday night .Chris Phillips and Colin Greening also scored for the Senators, and Ben Bishop made 32 saves.Andrei Loktionov and Marek Zidlicky scored for the Devils, who tied the score, 2-2, just over six minutes into the third period when Zidlicky beat Bishop with a wrist shot from the left circle .In the shootout, Daniel Alfredsson scored on Ottawa's second attempt. The Devils' Travis Zajac tied it, and then Zibanejad's goal and Bishop's save on Loktionov ended the game.
0	 NASHVILLE, Tennessee — Four Vanderbilt University football players have been charged with the rape of an unconscious 21-year-old female student in one of their dorm rooms this summer, police said on Friday.The suspects, who were kicked off the football team and banned from campus following the allegations, were charged with five counts of aggravated rape and two counts of sexual battery, according to Nashville police spokesman Don Aaron. Police arrested one of the men, Corey Batey, 19, of Nashville, on Friday afternoon . Aaron said Batey was taken to a hospital for mandatory HIV testing before being held on a,000 bond.
0	  CHICAGO — Pavel Datsyuk is one of the NHL's most feared scorers, a wizard with the puck who is equally adept at setting up his teammates for easy plays. Jonathan Toews has at least 23 goals in each of his six seasons in the league, and Patrice Bergeron is one of the top offensive threats for one of the league's best teams .If you want to stop a Datsyuk, Toews or Bergeron, it sure helps to have a Datsyuk, Toews or Bergeron.The three finalists for the Frank J.
0	 BERLIN — Teenage prospect Leonardo Bittencourt has left Champions League finalists Borussia Dortmund after agreeing on a four-year deal to join Hanover, the Bundesliga clubs said on Tuesday.As part of the deal, Dortmund retain an option the buy back the attacking midfielder when his contract at Hanover expires.The 19-year-old German, who joined Dortmund from Energie Cottbus in, made five league appearances last season, scoring once, and also played one game in the run to the Champions League final .Bittencourt, who is of Brazilian descent, has also played for Germany at several junior levels including the Under-21 team.
2	 She is only, but there is already a statue of the glamorous trumpeter Alison Balsom standing in her hometown, Royston, England, where she grew up playing in a brass band.Ms. Balsom has since become an evangelist for the trumpet, one of few classical musicians to have achieved a successful solo career on the instrument. From the moments when, as a young girl, she heard a record by Dizzy Gillespie and attended a performance by a virtuoso trumpeter with whom she later studied, Ms. Balsom never wavered from her desire to be a soloist.
2	  LAS VEGAS — Two singers, two gigs, two cities and stages, the same opening song.  It's not my imagination,  it begins, drawled. Pause, and then a yell:  I've got a gun at my back! The first version, on Saturday night at the Korova club in San Antonio, was Ron Reyes's: a rallying cry. The second, on Monday night at an outdoor stage of the Punk Rock Bowling and Music Festival here, was Keith Morris's: a freaked howl. Mr. Morris was the first singer, and Mr.
2	 The strains of softly undulating lute music filled the space in a teaching studio inside Dance New Amsterdam as two rows of dancers, clad in Lycra and cotton exercise wear, closed in on one another and detached again in a graceful motion, then glided through a turn, ornamented with a quick, circular flick of the wrist. We were a group of 18 dancers taking part in a workshop on Baroque dance led by Catherine Turocy, the founder of the New York Baroque Dance Company and one of the leading figures in the historical dance movement of the past 40 years .
3	 Andrew Witty, chief executive of the drug maker GlaxoSmithKline, said on Wednesday that the accusations of bribery and corruption against his company in China were  deeply disappointing.  But he said that Glaxo's headquarters in London had not been aware of any fraud and that the executives under scrutiny in China were working  outside of our system of controls. Mr. Witty's remarks, in a conference call on Glaxo's second-quarter earnings, were his most extensive about the scandal in China, where authorities have accused executives of using travel agencies to funnel illegal payments to doctors and government officials .
2	 A wave of international ballet stars are increasingly leaping from company to company, creating their own brands and becoming more like world-traveling conductors and opera stars. In doing so, they are upending ballet's traditional professional path and changing an art form long defined by national styles that dancers perfected as they grew up with — and stayed loyal to — a single company . The talented people belong not to one company, but to the dance world,  the Russian ballerina Natalia Osipova said in a recent Skype interview.  In opera, this happens already.
2	 The television mini-series  Roots,  about the slave Kunta Kinte and his descendants, is a classic, inspired by real lives and real history. But it is a truism among historians that young people do not know enough about African-American contributions to history. Even a tiny slice of recent history — the civil rights movement — is not required teaching in most states, the Southern Poverty Law Center found in a recent assessment.
2	 It's a sign of Christopher Wheeldon 's eminence that his choreography, more than anyone else's today, raises central issues about the nature of ballet. Is it an art of escapism or one that reflects vital features of the world we know? If it's an art of ideals, what are they?Although Mr. Wheeldon is British-born, much of his career has unfolded in the United States, and in recent years it has gone global. From 2001 to 2008 he was the resident choreographer at New York City Ballet ; from 2007 to 2010 he led Morphoses (then subtitled the Wheeldon Company .
2	 MOULINS, France — Like his fabled appetites for dance and sex, Rudolf Nureyev's hunger for collecting was insatiable. By, when he was 45 and became director of the Paris Opera Ballet, he was the rock star of dance and a very rich man, with homes all over the world filled with treasures.His taste for the sumptuous is evident in the ballets he staged, particularly for that company, which has just begun a monthlong run of his opulent  Sleeping Beauty,  a grand-scale vision of a royal court and its riches.
3	 BERLIN — BMW said Thursday that first-quarter earnings in its critical automotive division fell more than expected, as heavy discounts in core European markets and technology costs curbed profits from rising car sales . Earnings before interest and tax declined.9 percent to.58 billion euros, or.1 billion, slightly missing a consensus forecast of.60 billion euros in a Reuters survey. The operating margin dropped to.9 percent from.6 percent a year earlier.''We don't expect to receive a great deal of impetus from most European markets over the next few months,'' said Norbert Reithofer, BMW's chief executive .
1	 Humankind's common ancestor with other mammals may have been a roughly rat-size animal that weighed no more than a half a pound, had a long furry tail and lived on insects.In a comprehensive six-year study of the mammalian family tree, scientists have identified and reconstructed what they say is the most likely common ancestor of the many species on the most abundant and diverse branch of that tree — the branch of creatures that nourish their young in utero through a placenta.
3	  WASHINGTON — As more nuclear reactors across the country are closed, the problem of what to do with their waste is becoming more urgent, government officials and private experts said at a conference here this week.To address the problem, a bipartisan group of four senators introduced a bill on Thursday that would provide for temporary, centralized storage, even as House leaders remained focused on trying to revive plans for the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository that the Obama administration has declared dead. Nuclear waste is accumulating in steel and concrete storage casks at reactor sites around the country.
0	 (Reuters) - Frenchman Nicolas Mahut won two matches in a day to capture the Hall of Fame Championship at Newport on Sunday, denying former world number one Lleyton Hewitt his first title in more than three years.Mahut, who won his first career ATP title in the Netherlands last month, added a second in quick succession after a marathon day in Rhode Island .He beat American Michael Russell 6-2 6-2 in their rain-delayed semi-final in the morning then returned to the grass court to defeat Hewitt 5-7 7-5 6-3 in the afternoon final.
4	 Joseph P. Franklin, a white supremacist who killed at least eight people in a shooting spree from 1977 to 1980 and confessed to being the sniper who wounded the Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt and the lawyer and civil rights activist Vernon E. Jordan Jr., was executed on Wednesday, the Missouri Department of Public Safety said.His death, by lethal injection, came after his scheduled execution had been delayed twice by last-minute stays because of concerns about the state's new drug protocol and Mr. Franklin's mental competency. He was injected at:07 a.m. and declared dead 10 minutes later, officials said.Mr.
3	 BP is recovering from the paralysis that followed the 2010 Gulf of Mexico disaster, at least in terms of looking for more oil and gas . That was the message Friday from Mike Daly, the company's executive vice president for exploration.BP's exploration activity, the lifeblood of an oil company, came to a near halt after the spill. This year BP plans to drill 16 to 18 exploration wells with an overall exploration cost of about $3 billion.
3	  GE Capital, General Electric 's lending arm, recently stopped offering consumer financing programs to retailers whose main business is selling guns, in response to the  industry changes, new legislation and tragic events. The move, said a GE Capital spokesman, expanded on a policy established in. That year, GE Capital stopped offering new consumer financing for purchases of guns from gun shops, but existing relationships with gun shops were grandfathered in and those programs continued.
0	  MIAMI — He ended the bromance of one so-called Big Three and might have saved the future for another. There was symmetry to Ray Allen's fateful and figurative moment in the South Florida sun, coming on a day when his former Celtics teammates and their popular coach produced the biggest off-finals N.B.A. news. They went in their direction and obviously I went in mine,  Allen said in summary remembrance after a truly unforgettable Tuesday night at American Airlines Arena spilled exhaustively into Wednesday morning .
3	  WASHINGTON — American factories revved up production, hired more workers and received a surge of new orders in July, helping them expand at the fastest pace in two years. The gains suggest that manufacturing is rebounding and could provide a spark to economic growth .The Institute for Supply Management said on Thursday that its index of factory activity jumped to.4 percent in July from.9 percent in June. A reading above 50 percent indicates growth . The I.S.M. is a trade group of purchasing managers .A gauge of production soared.6 points to 65 percent, the highest reading since May.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Commission said on Wednesday it was ready to start an investigation into anticompetitive behavior by Chinese producers of mobile telecommunications equipment, opening a new front in Europe's trade offensive against China .The European Union trade commissioner, Karel De Gucht, said in a statement that he and fellow commissioners had agreed in principle to open an antidumping and antisubsidy case, although they would first seek to negotiate a solution with Chinese authorities .''The clock is ticking.
4	 The New Mexico Supreme Court unanimously affirmed on Thursday the right of same-sex partners to marry in the state, reasoning that the   protections and responsibilities that result from the marital relationship shall apply equally  to them and to opposite-sex couples .With the ruling, which takes effect immediately, New Mexico becomes one of 17 states and the District of Columbia to permit same-sex marriage . Thirty-three states limit marriage to opposite-sex couples .
1	 On Tuesday, International Space Station astronauts turned on the suit that leaked water last month and almost led to the first-ever drowning in orbit. This time, Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano was safely outside his suit. It's a good thing: Big jiggly blobs of water sloshed around inside the empty helmet during the test, just as it did on his July 16 spacewalk.NASA says it's good the problem reappeared. That should make it easier for engineers to determine the cause. The astronauts will remove suspect pieces and, possibly, return them on the next three-man Soyuz spacecraft bound for Earth next month.
4	 Luke Ravenstahl, who at 26 became Pittsburgh's youngest mayor ever, abruptly dropped his bid for re- election Friday amid a federal investigation of the city's Police Department and the forced resignation last month of the police chief .At a news conference, Mr. Ravenstahl, a Democrat, cited the  grueling demands  of the job and the  many nasty and vicious allegations  made against him as reasons for withdrawing from the race.  I know without a doubt that I did nothing wrong, and that is not why this decision was made,  Mr. Ravenstahl said about the investigation.
2	 There is no parental advisory warning label on the new Blake Shelton album,   Based on a True Story,  no special Walmart clean edition.For most country albums this wouldn't be a surprise — the genre is nothing if not scrubbed clean, content with winks and allusions over actual grit.But on  Boys 'Round Here,  the album's first song, Mr. Shelton gets a little naughty. Over a guitar line that subtly echoes Lou Reed's  Walk on the Wild Side,  Mr. Shelton toasts tough country men, with a bit of wry humor.
3	  BEIJING — For all the strong rhetoric, China's latest policy actions suggest a shift in focus on the economy to mix relatively pain-free overhauls that burnish Beijing's credentials for change with measures to prop up sagging growth .While Prime Minister Li Keqiang of China provides a drip -feed of easy changes, he will avoid more radical moves for fear of tipping the Chinese economy over the edge.
4	 An American Indian child being raised by her biological father should not have been taken from her adoptive parents, the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday, saying that a federal law devised to keep Indian families together did not apply in the case .The 5-to-4 decision, which reversed a ruling by the South Carolina Supreme Court, found that the case represented an exception to the 1978 Indian Child Welfare Act, a federal law that made it more difficult for American Indian children to be removed from their families.
2	 Bill Frisell has had a lot of practice putting high concept into a humble package. Long hailed as one of the most distinctive and original improvising guitarists of our time, he has also earned a reputation — over the last 30 years, and especially within the last 10 or so — for teasing out thematic connections with his music.The tenor of his work, and the slant of his signature, has kept Mr. Frisell, 62, at the forefront of a hybrid you might call jazz Americana. His style suggests a folklike vernacular that finds purchase in country, Protestant hymns, jazz and blues.
3	 A jury in Los Angeles cleared Toyota Motor of fault on Thursday in a fatal 2009 accident in which a 66-year-old woman crashed her Camry.The case is the first of about 85 personal injury and wrongful death lawsuits brought against Toyota in California state court because of complaints related to sudden, unintended acceleration and the resulting wave of recalls in 2009 and. The 2006 Camry driven by the victim was not included in the recalls.The California jury's decision is in line with Toyota's winning verdicts in cases in New York and Philadelphia .
4	 The Glock executive testified that he would keep doing business with a gun dealer who had been indicted on a charge of violating firearms laws because  This is still America  and  You're still innocent until proven guilty. The president of Sturm, Ruger was not interested in knowing how often the police traced guns back to the company's distributors, saying it  wouldn't show us anything. And a top executive for Taurus International said his company made no attempt to learn if dealers who sell its products were involved in gun trafficking on the black market .
3	  TOKYO — Boeing executives said on Friday that they expected commercial flights of the company's troubled new 787 Dreamliner jet to resume within weeks and that the company was fully confident that it had eliminated all risk of fire or smoke from its batteries, defending its use of the volatile lithium-ion technology.
4	  WASHINGTON — American intelligence and law enforcement investigators have concluded that they may never know the entirety of what the former National Security Agency contractor Edward J. Snowden extracted from classified government computers before leaving the United States, according to senior government officials . Investigators remain in the dark about the extent of the data breach partly because the N.S.A. facility in Hawaii where Mr. Snowden worked — unlike other N.S.A.
2	 Talk about a bad day: In 24 hours your girlfriend breaks up with you and says she thinks you're gay ; you kiss a boy (and decide that maybe she's right; your mother tries to commit suicide; and you wind up moving in with her. All that, and you're not yet. So begins  Please Like Me,  the series conceived by and starring the Australian comedian Josh Thomas on Pivot, a new cable network for millennials. In two sentences, it doesn't sound like the most hilarious show in the world, but it's good,  said Mr.
2	  I was 18 months old, but I can really remember that moment, sitting in the car, waiting for my mother to return. I must have sensed somehow that there had been some sort of trauma, and I was very scared. It was taking her so long. Ms. Mandela was recounting this memory while sipping a cranberry soda beneath the imposing columns of the Pierre Hotel's elegant main bar in Manhattan more than half a century later.
3	 FRANKFURT — Florian Homm, a flamboyant former hedge fund manager who spent the last five years in hiding, was arrested in Italy and faces extradition to the United States on securities fraud charges which could expose him to a lengthy prison sentence, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said.The Italian police arrested Mr. Homm, a 53-year-old German who holds undergraduate and graduate degrees from Harvard University, on Friday at the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, the F.B.I. said. Mr. Homm is accused of defrauding investors of at least $200 million, the F.B.I. said.
2	 How do you want your jolts? Steady state, like a finger stuck in a socket? Or frantic, angular and quick changing, like a haywire carnival ride? Both kinds are available this week from experienced administrators of their chosen thrills: Thee Oh Sees, from San Francisco, and Melt-Banana, from Tokyo .Thee Oh Sees have taken garage-rock and merged it with a kinetic Minimalism. Their songs bear down: sustain, riff, repeat repeat repeat. Somewhere in the welter are lyrics with horror tales and existential questions, but they'd have to be read before or afterward; onstage, it's all jitter, drone and buzz.
0	  BALTIMORE — The number 52 blinked on the video board Sunday as linebacker Ray Lewis was sent onto the field to be part of the Baltimore Ravens ' victory formation. The number remained there long after a triumphant lap around M&T Bank Stadium.To fans in Baltimore, and throughout the N.F.L., those white digits signify so much and always will. Frenzied, chest-beating entrances. Inspirational speeches. Punishing tackles . Game-changing turnovers. One of the finest careers for any linebacker in any era.
4	  WASHINGTON — At the end of last year, with the election decided and the Obama administration in office for four more years, Attorney General Eric H . Holder Jr . considered stepping down. He decided against it, in part because before he left he wanted to move beyond the disputes that had characterized his tenure, accomplish some of the goals he had set for the job and leave on his own terms.If Mr. Holder really thought he could escape controversy, the last few weeks have reinforced how inescapable controversy has become for the nation's chief law enforcement officer .
1	 Summer's here, and so is the end of the world. Hollywood has been luring us into air-conditioned terror from time immemorial, or at least since, when in  The Day the Earth Stood Still  Patricia Neal had to say the immortal words  Klaatu barada nikto  to keep an alien robot from destroying the world and ourselves for our warlike ways.Since a flying saucer blasted the White House to smithereens in   Independence Day,  in, the varieties of summer disaster have gotten ever more vivid and cosmic.
3	 HANJING, China — Wu Yiebing has been going down coal shafts practically every workday of his life, wrestling an electric drill for $500 a month in the choking dust of claustrophobic tunnels, with one goal in mind: paying for his daughter's education .His wife, Cao Weiping, toils from dawn to sunset in orchards every day during apple season in May and June. She earns $12 a day tying little plastic bags one at a time around,000 young apples on trees, to protect them from insects.
4	  BOSTON — A 14-year-old boy accused of killing his teacher was charged on Thursday with having raped her as well.An Essex County grand jury indicted the boy, Philip Chism of Danvers, for murder, aggravated rape and armed robbery in connection with the death last month of his math teacher, Colleen Ritzer, 24, at Danvers High School, about 20 miles north of Boston . The indictments returned today detail horrific and unspeakable acts,  District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett said in a statement.The authorities have yet to comment on a possible motive for the attack, which took place in a school bathroom.
2	 The terror gripping broadcast television as viewers continue to run away.6 million to   Duck Dynasty,  13.1 million to  The Bible,  who knows how many to   House of Cards   — has meant boom times for TV's most ephemeral product: the network pilot.The big five networks have ordered nearly 100 pilot episodes for the 2013 fall season, up significantly from last year, when everyone was talking about how many pilots there were.
0	 LONDON — Robin van Persie held off last year's winner Lionel Messi to earn player of the week honors in the first round of The Associated Press global soccer poll .Both players scored twice, but Van Persie's acrobatic volley and long-range goal in Manchester United's 4-1 win over Swansea in the Premier League gave the Dutchman the edge over Messi by five points. Van Persie's goals were outstanding and broke open a tight game that wasn't always going Man United's way in the early going,  said panelist Tom Timmermann of the St . Louis Post.
0	  CLEVELAND — Justin Masterson's health is in serious doubt. The Indians' playoff chances are just as iffy.Masterson was pulled from his start in the second inning with soreness in his left side and Cleveland's hitters stayed in a collective slump Monday night with a 7-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles, one of the teams the Indians are scrapping with for the AL wild card .Masterson felt tightness in his side in the first inning, and after applying a heat ointment between innings, Cleveland's All-Star ace took the mound in the second thinking he would be able to continue.
2	 AMSTERDAM — Set against Amsterdam's industrial northern skyline, the EYE Film Institute Netherlands stands out like an errant iceberg. The €35 million center, which opened last year, is a museum, archive, national film institute, art house and commercial cinema complex. It also represents a new focus on film in this city.
2	  Like everybody else, I think I'm never going to die,  the composer and diarist Ned Rorem said, warming instantly to the subject of a recent interview: his 90th birthday.  That's sort of an unrealistic answer, and 90 is realistic,  he continued.  Everyone else can be, but not me. Along with the quips came a more practical explanation for the resilience of an artist who had long embodied flaming youth, beauty and an intellectual bon vivant milieu.  I come from a long-lived Norwegian family,  he said.
3	 LONDON — The European Parliament approved on Wednesday a measure intended to revive sagging prices and confidence in the European Union's emissions trading system, the centerpiece of Europe's effort to cut greenhouse gases and a model for similar systems around the world.The vote had taken on symbolic importance because Parliament had rejected a similar proposal in April. That vote threatened the carbon trading system, which has been emulated globally as a way of using markets to curb greenhouse gases .
4	 An anti-abortion group released an undercover video on Wednesday showing what it says were offensive and inhumane remarks about abortions by one of the country's most prominent abortion doctors.The release, by the activist group Live Action, is part of a new effort by abortion foes to portray clinics that perform later abortions, in the second or third trimester of pregnancy, as being riddled with illegal or cruel practices.They also assert that the grisly and illegal practices alleged at the trial of Dr. Kermit B.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court issued three 5-to-4 decisions on Monday. One limited a criminal suspect's right to remain silent before being taken into custody. Another granted additional discretion to judges in sentencing. The third allowed a lawsuit against trial lawyers who had solicited clients using information from motor vehicle departments to move forward. The justices also agreed to hear a case on fair-housing laws.RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT The court ruled that a suspect's failure to answer a police officer's questions before an arrest may be used against the suspect at trial.
2	 There's long been debate over who can truly claim the title  the Fifth Beatle.  The disc jockey Murray Kaufman pursued it. Later, arguments were made for the keyboardist Billy Preston or Yoko Ono. A new graphic novel bestows the honorific on the band's manager Brian Epstein. However, the Beatles ' most essential partners may be their fictional counterparts: the Rutles, stars of the mockumentary  All You Need Is Cash.
4	 European health authorities have made two significant changes to the label of an emergency contraception pill that is equivalent to Plan B One-Step. One of the changes could be relevant to two cases that the Supreme Court added to its docket on Tuesday.The new label of the drug, Norlevo, says it  cannot stop a fertilized egg from attaching to the womb,  contradicting a claim by some abortion opponents that has fueled their objections to the Affordable Care Act .
3	 Stoked by rising inventories, the American economy grew at a significantly faster pace in the third quarter than first estimated, but probably at the expense of economic activity during the current quarter as businesses work off some of the excess stock on their shelves and in warehouses.As investors digested the better-than-expected data on Thursday from the Commerce Department for July, August and September, many economists immediately cut their estimates for fourth-quarter growth . Barclays, for example, now expects the nation's gross domestic product to advance at only a.
0	 Bobblehead peace reigned at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday, one day after Mariano Rivera dolls did not quite show up on time, creating long lines when they finally did arrive and plenty of grumbling fans.On Wednesday, the free gifts were Charlie Brown bobblehead dolls, and they were stacked in crates at the entrances to the stadium hours before the gates opened and were distributed without incident, just the way they were supposed to be.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Continuing the more than 20-year battle over California prisons, a panel of federal judges ordered the state on Thursday to immediately begin plans to release inmates from its overcrowded prisons.The three federal judges wrote in a 51-page order that regardless of any existing local laws, the governor must immediately take steps to release prisoners, perhaps by expanding good-behavior time credits that would allow inmates to finish their sentences early.The ruling allows the state to decide how to carry out the order, enabling officials to, for example, substitute other prisoners for early release .
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — On the day that hundreds gathered amid tight security to remember this county's slain district attorney and his wife, Gov . Rick Perry on Thursday offered up to,000 for information leading to the arrest and indictment of those responsible for their killings and for the killing of another prosecutor .The reward — as well as an effort to publicize it on hundreds of billboards across Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and other nearby states — indicated the lack of solid leads for investigators .
2	 Up on Porter Ridge, they have junkyards and hairy guys and explosives and pet bears . But do they have the makings of another duck nation? Probably not. Porter Ridge,  which has its debut on the Discovery Channel on Tuesday night, is a reality show from the makers of   Duck Dynasty,  A&E's daffy, delightful ratings juggernaut, which begins its fourth season on Wednesday.
1	 As they chomped their way around earth, some of the largest herbivorous dinosaurs grew a new set of teeth every one to two months, a new study reports. It was sort of a disposable battery strategy,  said Michael D. DEmic, a paleontologist at Stony Brook University and one of the study's authors.  They didn't create high-quality teeth. Dr. DEmic and his colleagues studied Diplodocus and Camarasaurus, huge sauropods that were nearly 100 feet long. The dinosaurs' heads were not much larger than those of horses', but their caloric needs were enormous.
4	  WASHINGTON — Michael Froman, a longtime White House economic aide nominated to be President Obama's trade representative, has nearly half a million dollars in a fund based in the Cayman Islands, according to financial documents provided to the Senate Finance Committee .Mr. Froman also received millions of dollars to divest himself from Wall Street investments that rely on a tax loophole that Mr. Obama has sought to close, the documents show.A White House spokesman, Bobby Whithorne, said Mr. Froman did not receive a benefit from that loophole, known as  carried interest.
3	 SHANGHAI — Lin Lu remembers the day last December when a Chinese businessman showed up at the car dealership he works for in north China and paid for a new BMW 5 Series Gran Turismo — entirely in cash. He drove here with two friends in a beat-up Honda,  Mr. Lin recalled.  One of his friends carried about,000 in a big white bag, and the buyer had the rest in a heavy black backpack.
2	 Only three rock bands had albums that sold more than one million last year — the Black Keys, Mumford & Sons and a hard-rock outfit from Wisconsin with far less name recognition: Skillet.What makes Skillet unusual is not just that its sales numbers rival two of the biggest rock acts on the American charts, but also that this quartet is an unabashedly Christian band that has won over mainstream rock aficionados without alienating its religious fans. That is a little bit of a trick,  said John Cooper, the 38-year-old frontman, bassist and songwriter.
4	  ALBUQUERQUE — It has been almost four decades since Betty Jo Lopez started using heroin.Her face gray and wizened well beyond her 59 years, Ms. Lopez would almost certainly still be addicted, if not for the fact that she is locked away in jail, not to mention the cup of pinkish liquid she downs every morning. It's the only thing that allows me to live a normal life,  Ms. Lopez said of the concoction, which contains methadone, a drug used to treat opiate dependence.  These nurses that give it to me, they're like my guardian angels .
2	 Over the past five years Adam Leon has gone from working for film festivals to being honored by them. After a stint on the payroll of the New York Film Festival he eventually took his love for film behind the camera, writing and directing a feature debut that got festival audiences buzzing and distributors calling. That movie is   Gimme the Loot,  about two young graffiti writers from the Bronx whose quest to tag the New York Mets home-run apple takes them on a lively adventure throughout New York City.
4	  WASHINGTON — The escalating Senate fight over President Obama's cabinet appointments moved closer to a showdown on Thursday as two nominees headed to their confirmation votes without a single Republican's support. Gina McCarthy, Mr. Obama's choice to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, and Thomas E. Perez, the nominee to be secretary of labor, were approved in committee with only Democratic votes . Their nominations now go before the full Senate, where they face likely Republican filibusters.
1	  Readers who left comments on nytimes.com had choice words for an artist's rendering of a placental mammal that scientists say was the earliest common ancestor of humans and other species. The front-page article by John Noble Wilford attracted more than 225 comments and a wide range of sentiments: appreciation, skepticism, wonder, humor ( saw one of those on the Lexington Ave. #6, he looked content and completely unafraid.Reporters are pleased when an editor decides to  turn on the comments  on an article (because the comments are moderated, not every article can be opened to them.
3	  HONG KONG — General Motors now sells far more Buicks in China than in the United States, partly by playing on its history as the brand in which Dr. Sun Yat- sen, the founder of modern China, was chauffeured around.It turns out, however, that the Ford Motor Company had a chance nearly 90 years ago to become Dr. Sun's favorite brand — and missed it.Dr.
0	 PERTH, Australia — Spain's Tommy Robredo has an arm injury and has withdrawn from the Hopman mixed teams tournament which begins Saturday.Tournament officials did not give any additional details Friday on the injury, saying No. 18 Robredo would be replaced by 194th-ranked Daniel Munoz-De La Nava.Poland's Jerzy Janowicz withdrew with a foot injury a week ago and was replaced by Grzegorz Panfil, who will team with Agnieszka Radwanska .Australia, represented by Bernard Tomic and Sam Stosur, will begin play Saturday against Canada's Milos Raonic and Eugenie Bouchard at Perth Arena. Poland plays Italy in the other Group A match.
0	 NEW YORK — The Serena Williams who won the U.S. Open on Sunday didn't flinch at any foot-fault calls.She looked very different from the player who took the court at Flushing Meadows in past years, yet exactly the same. And that is how Williams is dominating tennis as she nears her 32nd birthday.She has figured out how to play passionately and placidly all at the same time. Even yesterday, I was still complaining. You could see that I'm throwing my hands everywhere,  Williams said Monday.  That's just me. I'm never going to be able to change it.
2	 A new five-disc anthology from TCM's Vault Collection,  Western Horizons,  assembles five of the Technicolor adult westerns that were the bread and butter of Universal-International's production schedule during the 1950s.Positioned ambiguously between A and B status — they often featured major stars, like James Stewart and, in this collection, Alan Ladd and Richard Widmark, and production values that could expand beyond the Universal City back lot to include extensive and expensive location work — these films were among the final manifestations of a fully functioning studio system.
2	 Fitz and the Tantrums, the kinetic Los Angeles sextet led by Michael Fitzpatrick, emerged in 2009 and was almost immediately lumped into a neo-soul scene with acts like Sharon Jones and the Dap- Kings .Their sharply tailored, lounge-chic look and Motown-meets- Silver Lake sound — colored by bright blasts of saxophone, rolling bass lines and belted he-said, she-said vocals by Mr. Fitzpatrick, 42, and Noelle Scaggs, 33 — had something to do with it.
4	 In the generally upbeat annals of American military aviation, the plump, snub-nosed little fighter called the Brewster Buffalo stands out as a turkey .The plane had its day of ignominy in the epic Battle of Midway in June, when 19 Marine pilots valiantly engaged Japanese Zeroes in dogfights above Midway Atoll, a strategic speck some,300 miles northwest of Honolulu . Only five of the pilots and planes returned.
4	  DENVER — As investigators unravel the tangled and violent path of a Colorado parolee tied to the killing of the state's prison chief, they are also examining whether he had connections to two other violent deaths, including the January killing of a Texas prosecutor . Officials announced Friday that the suspect, Evan S. Ebel, 28, had died after being mortally wounded in a shootout and high-speed chase with Texas police officers and sheriff's deputies about 65 miles northwest of Dallas . Officials said Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Activity in the service sector accelerated in October as sales and hiring increased, suggesting that businesses largely shrugged off the partial government shutdown last month.The Institute for Supply Management said Tuesday that its service-sector index rose to.4 in October, up from.4 in September. Any reading above 50 indicates expansion.The expansion at service firms echoes an institute survey of manufacturers released last week, which showed the fastest growth at factories in two and a half years. Combined, the two reports suggest the private sector is showing steady growth and was not greatly affected by the shutdown.
3	  WASHINGTON — The federal government will hold the first lease sale for commercial offshore wind energy projects at the end of July, the Interior Department announced on Tuesday.The sale will offer,750 acres of federal waters off the coasts of Rhode Island and Massachusetts . If that is fully developed, officials said, it could produce as much as,400 megawatts of electricity, enough to power more than one million homes .The lease sale shows the Obama administration's determination to pursue a wide range of domestic energy production, from fossil fuels and renewable sources .
1	 A dim, lightweight galaxy on the outskirts of the Milky Way may be the smallest in the known universe, astronomers say.Known as Segue, the dwarf galaxy consists of just,000 stars held together by a clump of dark matter . (By comparison, the Milky Way contains at least 100 billion stars.) Finding a galaxy this small is like finding an elephant smaller than a mouse,  said James Bullock, a cosmologist at the University of California, Irvine, and an author of a paper on Segue 2 published in The Astrophysical Journal.
1	  WASHINGTON — Vicious fights! Stunning beauties! Surprises around every corner! Yes, it's reality TV but with a lot more depth — as much as,000 feet. It's live coverage of deep-sea exploration off Nantucket and tens of thousands of people are tuning in.They're watching an eel suddenly attack a squid, oohing-and-aahing over hot pink starfish and listening as excited researchers discover a canyon so downright alien that sea life lives on methane escaping from the sea floor instead of sunlight.They're watching science as it happens, however weird and wild.
4	  WASHINGTON — If there were a chutzpah caucus in the United States Senate, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York would be its natural leader.On a fund-raising swing through Chicago this fall, she told donors to pressure their hometown senator — Richard J . Durbin, a Democrat who is one of the most powerful men in the Senate — because he had yet to sign on to her bill to address sexual assault in the military . Mr. Durbin fumed when he heard about the move, an unusual breach in the protocol-conscious Senate .
0	  BOSTON — Adam Wainwright had just lost for the second time in five games in this World Series, leaving the St . Louis Cardinals in a desperate situation. They will need to win two games in Boston, if they are going to beat the surging Red Sox . But Wainwright appeared calm after he and the Cardinals lost Game 5 on Monday, seemingly unconcerned about what lay ahead.He reminded everyone that Michael Wacha would be pitching next.Wacha, as a 22-year-old rookie, had already earned the trust of his teammates.
0	 NEW YORK — Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal can set up a delectable U.S. Open final between the top two players in the world with 2013 grand slam bragging rights at stake by posting victories in Saturday's semi-finals . Australian Open champion Djokovic and French Open winner Nadal have designs on adding a second grand slam to their honors this year but first must get past familiar foes in Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka and France's Richard Gasquet, respectively.
3	  Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday after retail data came in stronger than projected, although the tech heavyweight Apple dragged on the market for a third day.Apple was the biggest weight on both the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Nasdaq 100 after it was reported on Monday that Apple was cutting orders for iPhone parts. Apple shares declined.2 percent, to.92, and closed below $500 for the first time since last February.Retailers' stocks advanced after the government reported that retail sales rose more than expected during December. Investors took this as a favorable sign for fourth-quarter growth .
0	 There is little that screams the words  damage  and  control  like a typically news-media -shy baseball owner suddenly making the rounds of sports talk radio and opening his door to quotation-hungry reporters. In a spate of recent interviews, Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees ' managing general partner, has given his personal assurance that his franchise remains committed to  fielding a championship -caliber team every year.
4	  WASHINGTON — As he battles to advance legislative priorities on gun control and taxes, President Obama opened a multimillion-dollar fund-raising drive Wednesday in the hope of winning a friendlier Congress for his final two years in office.With a two-day swing through the money corridors of Northern California, Mr. Obama began fulfilling a promise to Congressional Democrats to use the power and prestige of his office to fill their coffers for the 2014 election in a way he did not during his first term.
2	 ANNANDALE-ON-HUDSON, N.Y. — While Igor Stravinsky successfully cultivated the air of a rootless cosmopolitan during his long stretch as the 20th century's most renowned composer, modern scholarship has firmly established his links to a broader tradition of Russian music and the debt many of his works owe to his culture and forebears. But with that facet of his multifarious career having been summarily addressed during the first weekend of this year's Bard Music Festival, there was plenty more to cover during three more jam-packed days and nights.
2	 Sam Peckinpah 's life, like many of his movies, ended in a kind of apocalyptic debacle . Too many arguments with producers, too much alcohol-fueled misbehavior and (always the real problem ) too many disappointments at the box office had rendered the director of  The Wild Bunch  (1969) effectively unemployable by the time he died in, at.But the romantic myth of the visionary rebel destroyed by the system is a powerful one, and Peckinpah's has steadily grown in the decades since his death.
0	 A look at some of the anniversaries this year at the 95th PGA Championship, to be played Aug. 8-11 at Oak Hill in Pittsford, N.Y.:75 years ago : Denny Shute's bid for a third straight PGA Championship ended in the third round when he lost to Jimmy Hines. On the other side of the draw, Paul Runyan met little resistance on his way to the championship match at Shawnee Country Club except for going extra holes to beat Lloyd Mangrum.
4	  WASHINGTON — The political tempest over last September's deadly attacks on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, has left a path of dented careers in its wake. But as with many storms, the residual damage is proving to be distinctly uneven.Consider the cases of Susan E. Rice and Victoria Nuland, two high-ranking diplomats whose internal roles were put on display when the White House released e-mails this month documenting how the administration drafted its official talking points about the attacks, which killed Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.Ms.
2	 Glinda still travels by bubble . Sleepy-time poppies? Got 'em.   Oz the Great and Powerful,  a Disney -made prequel to The Wizard of Oz,  even begins in black and white and then switches (post- tornado ) to plush colorBut there are also some important differences between the two movies — especially if you're an eagle-eyed Hollywood copyright lawyer .  Oz the Great and Powerful,  directed by Sam Raimiand arriving in theaters on Friday, is an original story built on material culled from L. Frank Baum's books.
1	 The apparent explosion of a small meteor over Siberia early on Friday was not the first time that that part of the world has had a too-close encounter with a space rock. The region was the scene of what is believed to be the largest space-related explosion in human history, 105 years ago .The Tunguska Event, as it is known, occurred the morning of June, 1908, in a largely uninhabited forested area near the Podkamennaya Tunguska River in central Siberia. The site is about,200 miles northeast of Chelyabinsk, the Siberian city where some of the damage and injuries occurred Friday.
3	  Sears Holdings reported a quarterly loss that was bigger than expected as cool spring weather hurt sales at its stores, suggesting that a turnaround could take much longer than expected.The company reported a net loss of $279 million, or.63 per share, compared with a profit of $189 million, or.78 a share, a year earlier. Analysts on average had expected a loss of 60 cents a share .Same- stores sales fell .6 percent in the United States . Overall sales fell 9 percent to.5 billion, missing the average analyst estimate of.74 billion, according to Thomson Reuters .
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio was narrowly re-elected speaker of the House on Thursday amid open dissent from conservatives on the House floor that signaled that the turmoil and division of the 112th Congress is likely to spill into the newly constituted 113th.Mr. Boehner, in his opening address to the new House, indicated that the Republican majority would make the federal debt and deficit its singular focus. He also delivered a blunt message to those he sees as more interested in stirring dissension and scoring political points than in being constructive.
3	 A jury in Chicago rejected claims on Tuesday that the orthopedics unit of Johnson & Johnson inappropriately marketed an artificial hip, which the company recalled in.The verdict came in the second trial of some,000 pending lawsuits involving the all-metal device, which was known as the Articular Surface Replacement, or A.S.R. In March, a jury in Los Angeles awarded.3 million in the first trial of an A.S.R.-related case .The DePuy Orthopaedics unit of Johnson & Johnson said in a statement that all its actions related to the sale, marketing and recall of the device had been appropriate.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — George Zimmerman's mother testified on Friday that it was her son who was overheard crying for help in a 911 call made the night he fatally shot Trayvon Martin .Gladys Zimmerman was the first witness to testify for the defense in the second-degree murder trial of her son, and took the stand immediately after the prosecution rested its case, after nine days of testimony from some three dozen witnesses. What I'm sure is that it's George's voice,  Mrs. Zimmerman said.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The Giants enter their rematch against Dallas at MetLife Stadium believing that their season-opening 36-31 loss to the Cowboys proved nothing about the superiority of either team. As long as we go out there and put our best foot forward, I'm quite sure we're going to come out on top,  said running back Andre Brown, who was on injured reserve for the opener.The Giants outgained Dallas, 478-331, only to self-destruct with six turnovers: three interceptions of Eli Manning and three fumbles.
2	 As sexy as the technology may be, digital 3-D hasn't exactly conquered the entertainment landscape. ESPN's decision this summer to end its three-year-old stereoscopic sports channel strongly suggests the format will never be adopted as an across-the- board industry standard. But the format (or gimmick, depending on your point of view ) does seem to have established a niche for itself.
2	 COOPERSTOWN, N.Y. — Ambition has never been in short supply at the Alice Busch Opera Theater, the cozy 900-seat auditorium that long housed the Glimmerglass Opera, and now is the principal setting for its successor, the Glimmerglass Festival. But even measured by the high standard this annual affair has sustained, this year's festival — which runs through Aug. 24 here — rises to new levels of innovation, curiosity and, yes, chutzpah.Make no mistake, that's meant as praise.
3	 As much as I travel, I'm not a great flier and hate turbulence . But I have to fly because it's part of my work as an advocate for cancer patients and their loved ones. We teach people about early detection, prevention and how to communicate about cancer. We strive to humanize the cancer process, so face-to-face meetings are important. My mom had breast cancer, and cancer seems to touch everyone somehow. What we want to do is give Generation Y the tools they need to support and communicate with their parents about the importance of early cancer detection.
0	 LONDON — Substitute Ki sung-Yueng drove in an extra-time winner to take the Premier League's bottom club Sunderland into the League Cup semi-finals with a dramatic 2-1 victory over Chelsea on Tuesday.Ki smashed home in the 118th minute after being teed up by Fabio Borini, who had come off the bench to force extra time with an 88th-minute equalizer.In the night's other quarter-final, Edin Dzeko scored twice as free-scoring Manchester City booked their place in the semi-finals with a 3-1 win at second- tier Leicester City.
0	  ST . LOUIS — David Ortiz fidgeted, shuffling his feet at first base Friday at Busch Stadium. He bent his knees, leaned over and took grounders while wearing a windbreaker and a cold-weather cap.Under different circumstances, it would have been an innocuous sight. But Ortiz, usually the Boston Red Sox' designated hitter, will start at first on Saturday night, replacing Mike Napoli for Game 3 of the World Series against the Cardinals . With the Series shifting to St . Louis, and a National League ballpark, designated hitters will not be used.
3	  WASHINGTON — The decline of two-parent households may be a significant reason for the divergent fortunes of male workers, whose earnings generally declined in recent decades, and female workers, whose earnings generally increased, a prominent labor economist argues in a new survey of existing research.David H. Autor, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, says that the difference between men and women, at least in part, may have roots in childhood. Only 63 percent of children lived in a household with two parents in, down from 82 percent in.
2	 After a long, troubled odyssey around the world of cable news, Keith Olbermann returned to ESPN on Monday, promising fans he would not talk about politics anymore.It turns out that he also isn't going to talk all that much about sports.Mostly, he is going to talk about Keith Olbermann.That's at least what the premiere — and the title — of  Olbermann,  a live hourlong show on ESPN, suggests. Mr.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal weather forecasts for Superstorm Sandy were exceptionally accurate last fall, but the warnings themselves were confusing, an internal review found.The gigantic October storm lost tropical characteristics hours before landfall in New Jersey, so the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration stopped calling it a hurricane . Instead it shifted focus to flooding and high wind warnings and moved responsibility from the National Hurricane Center in Miami to local weather offices.NOAA's self-assessment said that led to confusion by the public and the media, a complaint made by independent meteorologists.
2	  DENVER — The Meadowlark isn't exactly the big time. It's a brick-and-stone-walled basement club, capacity, with a bar occupying half the room and a barely raised stage where three's a crowd. Sipping a $2 Bud Light during a happy hour in January, Wesley Schultz, the singer and guitarist in the Lumineers, fondly looked the place over.Not so long ago, in, he recalled, the Lumineers would play the Meadowlark's open-mike night  every Tuesday religiously .  At that point the Lumineers were the songwriting team of Mr. Schultz on guitar and the drummer Jeremiah Fraites, usually just shaking a tambourine.
2	 Can one astoundingly gifted singer revive a beloved but dormant jazz vocal tradition? They say it takes only one to start a movement. As Cécile McLorin Salvant spun songs into a brilliant silk tapestry at the Allen Room on Saturday evening, I thought,  Here she is.  If anyone can extend the lineage of the Big Three — Billie Holiday, Sarah Vaughan, and Ella Fitzgerald — it is this 23-year-old virtuoso born in Miami to a French mother and a Haitian father and trained in France.Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — Frustrations in the Senate over the slow pace of approval for President Obama's second-term cabinet deepened Thursday even as the Senate voted 97 to 0 to confirm Mr. Obama's nominee for a long-vacant seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .That vote to confirm the nominee, Sri Srinivasan, which was added to the calendar at the last minute after Republicans dropped objections that would have delayed it two more weeks, came as Senator Mitch McConnell, the Republican leader, took to the Senate floor to denounce Democrats .Mr.
0	 NEW YORK — Tampa Bay safety Dashon Goldson was fined,000 by the NFL on Friday for hitting New York Jets tight end Jeff Cumberland in the head and neck area in the teams' season opener last Sunday.The hit, which drew an unnecessary roughness penalty, resulted in Cumberland needing stitches to close a cut to his chin. It was also just one of a few plays in the Jets' 18-17 win that were fined by the league .
2	 SALZBURG, AUSTRIA — On a cool afternoon in March, a crowd filled the Festspielhaus here to see the German conductor Christian Thielemann lead the Dresden Staatskapelle in Wagner's  Parsifal.  It was the dress rehearsal, three days before the production's premiere as the opening-night attraction of the Salzburg Easter Festival and an early celebration of Wagner's 200th birthday, which falls on Wednesday. Parsifal  begins with a calm, quiet ascent up six notes of an A-flat scale. The score is marked  sehr langsam  — very slow — and conductors tend to oblige.
1	 The rapid expansion of hydraulic fracturing to retrieve once-inaccessible reservoirs of oil and gas could put pressure on already-stressed water resources from the suburbs of Fort Worth to western Colorado, according to a new report from a nonprofit group that advises investors about companies' environmental risks. Given projected sharp increases  in the production of oil and gas by the technique commonly known as fracking, the report from the group Ceres said,  and the intense nature of local water demands, competition and conflicts over water should be a growing concern for companies, policy makers and investors .
3	 NEW ORLEANS — The chief executive of the company that owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig acknowledged in court on Tuesday that his crew should have done more to avert the 2010 oil well blowout that left 11 dead and soiled hundreds of miles of beaches along the Gulf of Mexico . Do I wish the crew had done more? Absolutely,  said Steven L. Newman, chief executive of Transocean.  We acknowledged we should have done more. Mr.
1	 Thanks to a protein that delivers oxygen to their tissues, octopuses live as comfortably in the tropics as they do in the Antarctic. Now it turns out that the protein, a blue pigment called hemocyanin, has different genetic properties in different climates.Michael Oellermann, a biologist at the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Germany, presented the findings last week to the Society for Experimental Biology. The research, conducted with his colleagues Hans Pörtner and Felix Mark, is part of his doctoral project.Octopuses  evolved to become very active, so they consume a lot of oxygen,  Mr.
0	 PARIS — The ease with which Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic swept aside their quarterfinal opponents at the French Open was remarkably similar.Both men won in straight sets Wednesday, hardly challenged. Both earned 12 break points, Nadal converting seven, Djokovic five. Nadal's serve was broken only once, Djokovic's twice.In what amounted to heavy-duty practice sessions for the real test that lies ahead, Nadal needed 1 hour, 56 minutes to beat No. 9-seeded Stanislas Wawrinka, 6-3, 6-1 in Court Philippe Chatrier, while a short walk away, Djokovic's, 7-6 (5), 7-5 victory over No.
4	 ALEXANDRIA, Va. — With,000 federal employees in Virginia and 30 percent of the economy of Northern Virginia dependent on government spending, no state has more to lose from a government shutdown than this one.And the first concrete gauge of the political fallout may play out here, where a governor's race that had been dominated by the weakness of the two candidates now seems to be focused on the question of which party will take the blame.With the election just 34 days away, the issue increasingly is raising risks for Kenneth T.
4	  WASHINGTON — As several thousand demonstrators rallied around them, eight members of the House of Representatives were arrested on Tuesday outside the Capitol in a protest to push Congress to pass broad immigration legislation that includes a path to citizenship for immigrants in the country illegally .The protests came as most attention in Congress was focused on the standoff over the partial government shutdown and the partisan disputes over health care and fiscal policy, pushing immigration to the side.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama, facing re-energized Republican adversaries and new questions about the administration's conduct, on Monday dismissed a furor over the handling of last year's attacks in Benghazi, Libya, as a political  sideshow  but joined a bipartisan chorus of outrage over disclosures that the Internal Revenue Service had singled out conservative groups for special scrutiny.Mr. Obama called the I.R.S.
0	  ATLANTA — Freddie Freeman's bases-loaded, line-drive single off closer Sergio Romo capped a two-run rally in the ninth that lifted the Atlanta Braves to a 6-5 win over the San Francisco Giants on Saturday.B.J. Upton hit two homers off Chad Gaudin, but the Braves trailed 5-4 entering the ninth.Romo (3-3) walked pinch-hitter Evan Gattis, who was replaced by pinch-runner Reed Johnson, with one out. Andrelton Simmons followed with a grounder that skipped past third baseman Joaquin Arias for an error, putting runners on first and second.
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans borrowed more in June to buy cars and attend college, but they were frugal again with their credit cards, indicating that many remain wary of taking on high-interest debt . Consumers increased their borrowing by.8 billion in June from May, to a seasonally adjusted .85 trillion, the Federal Reserve said on Wednesday in its monthly report on consumer credit .The category that includes credit card use dropped.7 billion in June. That followed a gain of.4 billion in May. Still, overall credit card debt remained.5 percent below its July 2008 peak.Borrowing for autos and student loans rose.
1	 Instead, what the crew of the submersible Pisces V found on the sea floor off Hawaii in August was a huge Japanese submarine that the United States sent to the bottom of the ocean in, lest it become a Cold War trophy for the Soviet Union .The submarine, the I, was one of five that met a similar fate; some of the others have already been discovered. But Terry Kerby, the longtime operations director and chief submarine pilot for the Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory, or HURL, called this one  the real prize.
3	 LONDON — Depending on where one stands in the debate on the rising cost of housing in Britain, Paul Thomas and Abigail Walker, first-time home buyers, are either part of the solution or part of the problem.To buy a,000, or,000, two- bedroom house in Oxfordshire, west of London, Mr. Thomas, a 38-year-old electrician, and his 25-year-old partner, Ms. Walker, who works in an accounting office, are making use of a government program called Help to Buy.
0	  CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — Short-handed again in a tight — and often ugly — contest, Marcus Paige and North Carolina proved they're tough enough to fight their way to another marquee nonconference victory.As for Kentucky, coach John Calipari is still waiting for his Wildcats to grow up.Paige scored 21 of his 23 points in the second half and James Michael McAdoo had 20 points, helping the 18th-ranked Tar Heels beat the 11th-ranked Wildcats 82-77 on Saturday.It wasn't always pretty for the Tar Heels, from 19 missed free throws to seeing the Wildcats swat seven of their shots.
0	 CARRINGTON, England — Alex Ferguson is looking forward to a retired life of luxury vacations, watching thoroughbreds, enjoying good wines and perhaps studying languages.Before that, though, there's one final challenge to overcome — beating West Bromwich Albion on Sunday in his,500th and last game as Manchester United manager . One thousand five hundred matches — it's quite incredible,  Ferguson said Friday, shaking his head at his own longevity.The end of the road in Ferguson's 39-year coaching career comes at The Hawthorns, an unassuming stadium in central England.
0	 PARIS — Defending French Open champion Maria Sharapova moved into the third round Friday by finishing off a rain -interrupted, 6-4 victory over 19-year-old Eugenie Bouchard of Canada .The match was suspended on Thursday night with Sharapova up a break in the second set at.She only had the tiniest bit of trouble closing things out Friday, erasing a couple of break points in the final game. On the second, 2012 Wimbledon junior champion Bouchard wasted a chance to get to 5-all when she flubbed a backhand long, then covered her face with her hand. Sharapova took the next two points.
1	 WORCESTER, England — Britons may remember 2012 as the year the weather spun off its rails in a chaotic concoction of drought, deluge and flooding, but the unpredictability of it all turns out to have been all too predictable: Around the world, extreme has become the new commonplace.Especially lately. China is enduring its coldest winter in nearly 30 years. Brazil is in the grip of a dreadful heat spell. Eastern Russia is so freezing — minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit, and counting — that the traffic lights recently stopped working in the city of Yakutsk.
3	 James Heckman is one of the nation's top economists studying human development . Thirteen years ago, he shared the Nobel for economics. In February, he stood before the annual meeting of the Nebraska Chamber of Commerce and Industry, showed the assembled business executives a chart, and demolished the United States' entire approach to education .The chart showed the results of cognitive tests that were first performed in the 1980s on several hundred low-birthweight 3-year-olds, who were then retested at ages, 8 and.
3	  WASHINGTON — Only the most affluent American households will pay higher income taxes this year under the terms of a deal that passed Congress on Tuesday, but most households will face higher payroll taxes because the deal does not extend a two-year-old tax break .The legislation, which was forged in the Senate and overcame resistance in the House late Tuesday will grant most Americans an instant reversal of the income tax increases that took effect with the arrival of the new year. Only about.
3	 The European Union is facing a crisis of legitimacy. This is evidenced in a decline in support for the E.U. among citizens in pretty much every member country. The most extreme expression is in Britain, where pressure is mounting to quit the E.U.There are two main schools of thought about how to restore trust in Brussels . One is to increase the direct say citizens have over what the European Commission does — say by giving yet more power to the European Parliament or by having a directly elected European Commission president.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama will soon accelerate his efforts to put a lasting imprint on the country's judiciary by simultaneously nominating three judges to an important federal court, a move that is certain to unleash fierce Republican opposition and could rekindle a broader partisan struggle over Senate rules .In trying to fill the three vacancies on the 11-member United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit at once, Mr. Obama will be adopting a more aggressive nomination strategy. He will effectively be daring Republicans to find specific ground to filibuster all the nominees.
4	  WASHINGTON — Samantha Power, President Obama's choice to be the next ambassador to the United Nations, is encountering resistance from pro-Israel groups for remarks she once made about Israel and the Palestinians . But on Friday, she got an unexpected vote of confidence from Israel's representative in the United States .Michael B. Oren, the Israeli ambassador to Washington, said in an interview that Ms. Power, a journalist and academic who has written and spoken widely about human rights abuses, had a deep understanding of Israel's security issues and sympathy for its concerns.Normally, Mr.
3	 In the more than four decades since President Richard M. Nixon severed the dollar's last ties to gold, there have been two bull markets in gold — markets that peaked not that far apart, when adjusted for inflation . To a believer, gold is different from any other commodity . The others are expected to rise and fall with supply and demand . A supply shock, perhaps caused by a drought in Brazil or a confrontation in the Persian Gulf, may send the price of orange juice or oil soaring.
0	 The attorney for Johnny Manziel says even if the NCAA investigation of the Heisman Trophy winner isn't completed by the start of the season the quarterback should be able to play in Texas A&M's first game.Jim Darnell, Manziel's El Paso, Texas -based attorney, says he has met with Manziel and his family, but provided few details about the status or nature of the investigation.He did say he believed that Manziel would play Aug. 31 when the Aggies open the season against Rice, but could not put a timetable on the case .
3	 AMERICAN inflation, which has seemed to some conservative economists to be an impending threat ever since the Federal Reserve began to buy large quantities of government securities, appears to be falling to levels lower than any seen in recent years . There are similar declines in many European countries .The decline in the inflation measure most watched by the Federal Reserve — the personal consumption expenditures deflator — could provide a reason for the Fed to delay the widely expected tapering of bond purchases . Last week, the government reported that the price index had risen only.
0	  Peyton Manning threw for 403 yards and 5 touchdowns, four of them to Eric Decker, and the Denver Broncos held off a rally by the host Kansas City Chiefs to win, 35-28, on Sunday and seize control of the A.F.C. West .Decker had eight catches for a career-high 174 yards for the Broncos, who moved a game clear of the Chiefs (9-3) in the division and hold the tiebreaker by virtue of their two wins over Kansas City .In the first half, the Chiefs raced to a 21-7 lead, but Denver scored 28 straight points to take control.
4	 VICCO, Ky. — In a former pool hall that is now the municipal building for a coal smudge of a place in eastern Kentucky called Vicco, population, the January meeting of the City Commission came to order. Commissioners and guests settled into patio chairs, bought at a discount and arranged around a long conference table. Those who smoked did.The Commission approved the minutes from its December meeting, hired a local construction company to repair the run-down sewer plant and tinkered with the wording for the local curfew.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — A prosecution witness who saw portions of the altercation between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin on Feb, 26, 2012, took the stand on Friday, bolstering the defense's contention that Mr. Zimmerman was on the ground being beaten by Mr. Martin when the fatal shot was fired.Using the term  ground and pound,  John Good, who lived at the housing complex where Mr.
1	 MYSTIC, Conn. — On her trainer's command, an alabaster-skinned beluga whale named Naku placed her chin on the deck of her outdoor pool and exhaled several times, emitting a hollow  chuff  sound with each breath. The vapor rose into a petri dish a researcher held over her blowhole.Those tiny drops contain a wealth of information, it turns out. Researchers at Mystic Aquarium and elsewhere are learning how to use the breath, or  blow,  of whales and dolphins to extract and measure hormones, microorganisms, DNA and the byproducts of metabolism.
4	 While the federal Affordable Care Act is intended to narrow the divide between those with health care and those without, in its first day of operation the Web site aimed at helping consumers sign up for health insurance – Healthcare. gov – might have driven a larger wedge between technologically adept Americans and those who have yet to fully embrace the social Web and mobile technology .The site encouraged people to  connect  via Twitter, Facebook and YouTube . It also provided a phone number to call, but doing so resulted in a long wait for assistance.
4	  BOSTON — James (Whitey) Bulger, Boston's most notorious gangster, was condemned on Thursday to spend the rest of his life in prison, receiving two life sentences plus five years.Before announcing her sentence, Judge Denise J. Casper of Federal District Court told Mr. Bulger, 84, that the  scope, callousness and depravity of your crimes are almost unfathomable. Mr. Bulger was convicted in August of a sweeping array of gangland crimes, including 11 murders and 31 counts of racketeering, extortion, money laundering, trafficking in cocaine and marijuana and weapons possession.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — It has been a bad year for the Giants, which is not the same as a bad season.To be more precise, it has been a difficult 12 months for the Giants . As poorly as they have played in, it could be said that their troubles began 363 days ago, on Dec. 3, 2012, in Washington, where they were upset by the Redskins, 17-16.At the time, it seemed a minor setback for a 7-4 team that was also the reigning Super Bowl champion.
2	 The debut last month of Warner Archive Instant, a new streaming video service from Warner Brothers, stimulated some strong reactions on Internet movie discussion sites. Costing.99 a month, $2 more than the established services, and with an initial inventory of only a few hundred old movies — many of them in black and white and some (shudder) even without spoken dialogue — what kind of Netflix killer was this supposed to be?Not a very good one, obviously.
2	 Early on in the third season of   Homeland   — which begins on Showtime on Sunday — the actor Rupert Friend, as the enigmatic black-ops agent Peter Quinn, hunches, shirtless, over a homemade explosive device . There is a stillness to Mr. Friend's performance, a noiseless stoicism that only amplifies his character's inscrutability: whatever Quinn is up to with that bomb (and in that moment, it's fruitless to even guess, it seems extraordinarily unlikely that he'll miss his target.Off-screen, Mr. Friend, 31, is relaxed and puckish.
4	  WASHINGTON — Frederick Douglass, the slave turned abolitionist, believed in freedom and equality for  all of us, regardless of our race, gender, religion or sexual orientation,  his great- great-granddaughter said Wednesday at the unveiling of a statue of Douglass in the Capitol.The descendant, Nettie Washington Douglass, spoke beneath the bronze statue of Douglass in Emancipation Hall on the day known as Juneteenth, or Emancipation Day, before a crowd of 600 visitors that included Congressional leaders, relatives, current and former city officials, rights activists and historians.Ms.
3	 LONG-SUFFERING investors in solar energy stocks had reason to enjoy the first six weeks of. After several years of poor performance while the overall market advanced, solar and other   green  energy technologies were market leaders early this year.But by the end of the quarter, most of these stocks had fallen again.
3	 I'VE lived in the United States for 20 years, and now that I'm a citizen, I find it kind of odd when I fly back to England for business or pleasure. First, everyone tells me I sound like a Yank. And second, I've become terrified of driving on the left, which is something I never thought would happen.I really do enjoy business travel. I work in the cleaning business for Zep Inc. as a marketing manager. I sometimes travel with sales representatives .
2	 AUSTIN, Tex. — Like every adolescent on earth, the director Jeff Nichols believed that his first experience with heartbreak, in 10th grade, stung extra hard. It was my first serious girlfriend,  he recalled.  We dated five months and she slept with somebody else. She broke up with me first, and then I found out why. I just remember I was devastated. Unlike many adolescents, Mr. Nichols, who grew up in Little Rock, Ark., waited a long while to make something of that feeling.
3	 One of the longest lasting relationships on Madison Avenue, between the Gillette men's grooming brand and the BBDO advertising agency, is coming to an end. Procter & Gamble, which acquired Gillette in, said on Monday that it would shift the duties for creating advertising campaigns for the Gillette brand that appear in countries around the world to Grey from BBDO Worldwide.Procter spends hundreds of millions of dollars each year to advertise the Gillette line of men's grooming products, including the familiar shaving items like razors and blades.
1	 At a legendary but secretive laboratory in California, Lockheed Martin is working on a plan that some employees hope might transform the world's energy system: a practicable type of nuclear fusion.Some 900 miles to the north, Bill Gates and another Microsoft veteran, Nathan Myhrvold, have poured millions into a company developing a fission reactor that could run on today's nuclear waste .And on the far side of the world, China has seized on discarded American research to pursue a safer reactor based on an abundant element called thorium.
4	 LAUDERHILL, Fla. — Paving the way for a new attempt to remove noncitizens from voter rolls, Florida's election chief tried to stoke confidence on Wednesday in the revamped plan before a largely skeptical crowd in immigrant-heavy South Florida .For Ken Detzner — Florida's secretary of state and the man in charge of elections — the meeting's combative tone was the latest measure of the distrust engendered by the state's move last year to try to weed out noncitizens from registration lists months before the polls opened.
0	 LONDON — Croatia midfielder Niko Kranjcar has signed a one-year loan deal with Queens Park Rangers who have also brought in Cameroon defender Benoit Assou-Ekotto and England under-21 midfielder Tom Carroll from Tottenham Hotspur .The English Championship club's manager Harry Redknapp, who failed to keep Rangers in the Premier League last season, has been reunited with 29-year-old Dynamo Kiev player Kranjcar for a third time having worked with him at Spurs and Portsmouth. Niko's a crowd pleaser - he gets people off their seats,  Redknapp told the club's website (www. qpr .co.uk.  He's a top player and...
2	  LOS ANGELES — Hollywood is pushing back, at least a little, against the Washington power players and others who have put the squeeze on   Zero Dark Thirty . In the last week, Mark Boal, who is a producer of the film and wrote the screenplay, hired Jeffrey H. Smith, a prominent lawyer who specializes in domestic security and First Amendment issues, Mr. Smith confirmed on Friday. His mission is to represent Mr.
0	  BATON ROUGE, La. — Apparently, new LSU offensive coordinator Cam Cameron is doing something right. Zach Mettenberger's single-game school record five touchdown passes against UAB attested to that.Three of Mettenberger's touchdowns went to Odell Beckham Jr., who also returned a missed field goal 100 yards for a score, and the ninth-ranked Tigers overwhelmed UAB 56-17 on Saturday night .Even Jeremy Hill got involved for LSU (2-0) when coach Les Miles decided early in the second quarter to end the running back's benching in connection with his arrest in a bar scuffle last spring.
1	  WASHINGTON — Top scientists from a variety of fields say they are about as certain that global warming is a real, man-made threat as they are that cigarettes kill.They are as sure about climate change as they are about the age of the universe. They say they are more certain about climate change than they are that vitamins make you healthy or that dioxin in Superfund sites is dangerous.They'll even put a number on how certain they are about climate change . But that number isn't 100 percent. It's 95 percent.And for some non-scientists, that's just not good enough.
4	  WASHINGTON — They sat side by side, trading laughs and finishing each other's thoughts. Five years ago, the very prospect of such a moment would have been  improbable,  as one of them put it.But now as the improbable partnership between President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton winds down with her pending departure from the cabinet, the two rivals -turned-allies sent a public signal of solidarity on Sunday — at a time when one has run his last election and the other is contemplating one more.The unusual joint interview with Mr. Obama and Mrs.
0	 LONDON — A night in the Champions League can make temporary enemies of the best of friends. Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny and Dortmund striker Robert Lewandowski are both from Warsaw. They both came through the youth setup of Legia. They were teammates when Poland played against England in London a week ago . They telephone or text one another almost daily.That didn't stop Lewandowski from shooting down his pal with the one chance he had to win Tuesday's encounter. Again it was played in London, where the rain was remorseless but the score was level until eight minutes from the end.
1	  Weather forecasters are predicting another busy Atlantic hurricane season . The storms will get their names from an alphabetical list of 21 names:WHAT NAMES ARE ON THE LIST?The National Hurricane Center started using women's names for Atlantic storms in; men's names were added in. The lists are now maintained by the World Meteorological Organization.Yes, there are six lists for the Atlantic that are used in rotation. This year's list will be used again in. Names are taken off the list and replaced to avoid confusion if a hurricane causes a lot of damage or deaths.
3	 The decline was not large,000 jobs, or.1 percent of the.3 million people out of work in May. But it was the first month in more than two years that there had been a decline.Some, but not all, of that decline was in Germany, where unemployment has been falling even as it rose in other countries . Other euro zone countries that reported declines during the month were Austria, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia and Spain. Two of the 17 countries in the zone, Estonia and Greece, have yet to report.
4	  WASHINGTON — A 23-year-old bank robber named Shon R. Hopwood stood before a federal judge in Lincoln, Neb. He asked for leniency, vowing to change. Judge Richard G. Kopf had no patience for promises.  We'll know in about 13 years if you mean what you say,  he said. It was. Judge Kopf reflected on the exchange this month.  When I sent him to prison, I would have bet the farm and all the animals that Hopwood would fail miserably as a productive citizen when he finally got out of prison,  he wrote on his blog.
0	 NEW YORK — Down to their very last strike, the Boston Red Sox struck back. And denting Mariano Rivera, well, that compounded the New York Yankees' misery. Stephen Drew hit a tying single off the all-time saves leader with two outs in the ninth inning, then Shane Victorino lined a go-ahead single in the 10th that sent the Red Sox past the Yankees 9-8 in a Thursday night thriller.The Red Sox rallied in the opener of a four-game series loaded with playoff implications.
4	 Turn south, and you head into Palm Springs with its megaresorts, golf courses and bustling shops . Turn north, and you make your way up an arid stretch of road to a battered city where empty storefronts outnumber shops, the Fire Department has been closed, City Hall is on a four-day week and the dwindling coffers may be empty by spring.The city, Desert Hot Springs, population,000, is slowly edging toward bankruptcy, largely because of police salaries and skyrocketing pension costs, but also because of years of spending and unrealistic revenue estimates .
4	  ALBUQUERQUE (AP) — A New Mexico teenager accused of fatally shooting his parents and three younger siblings had apparently never been in trouble with the law, state officials said Monday.A records check by the Children, Youth and Families Department indicated no trouble with the teenager, Nehemiah Griego, or his family, said Bob Tafoya, an agency spokesman.Mr. Griego, 15, remained in custody on Monday on two counts of murder and three counts of child abuse resulting in death.
2	 For all but the most knowledgeable pop-music fans, Jay-Z's three-minute commercial during the N.B.A. finals last Sunday might have been perplexing. The black-and-white spot showed a rumpled Jay-Z working on music in a studio. Its documentary style created the impression the viewer was eavesdropping on a session as the rapper talked with producers in poetic terms about an album. It ended with a cryptic text message on screen,  The Next Big Thing Is Here  and below it the Web site magnacartaholygrail.com.
3	  WASHINGTON — A measure of consumer spending rose more than expected in October as households bought a range of goods, suggesting positive momentum in the economy early in the fourth quarter .Wednesday's report on retail sales was the latest sign that a 16-day government shutdown last month had a limited impact on the economy and should ease concerns about the holiday shopping season .
0	 NEW ORLEANS — Drew Brees saw his face on giant Superdome video boards, then nodded and smiled as a jubilant crowd applauded the star quarterback's latest milestone and the meaningful way in which he hit it.Brees passed for 313 yards and four touchdowns and New Orleans beat Carolina 31-13 on Sunday night to regain sole possession of first place in the NFC South and snap the Panthers' winning streak at eight games. In the process, Brees became the fifth quarterback to eclipse,000 career yards passing . Love this offense. Love what Sean Payton's put together,  Brees said.
4	 BURKESVILLE, Ky. — Last Monday, Kristian Sparks and his sister, Caroline, visited a Fred's Super Dollar store here. A store manager recalled that it was an ordinary shopping trip, saying that the boy was outgoing and energetic, his little sister was cute and their grandmother was  like any grandmother — she bought them anything they wanted. The next day Kristian, 5, shot and killed his 2-year-old sister with a gun marketed for children as  My First Rifle  in what the authorities said was an accident.
3	  Employees should expect to return to work in the morning.  Sylvia Mathews Burwell, director of the Office of Management and Budget, as Congress approved a deal late Wednesday to end the 16-day government shutdown and extend federal borrowing power . I don't think we can completely close the door on the debt ceiling chapter just yet, but we can get back to the stuff that really matters. Jonathan Corpina, who manages trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange for Meridian Equity Partners . The stock market moved mostly higher last Thursday, after the shutdown ended.
0	 Ten miles from Yankee Stadium, where the barnstorming soap opera starring Alex Rodriguez resumed its local run, the Mets were back home, too, finding relative peace at Citi Field, which has become an unlikely baseball oasis this season.The Yankees have long been the steady, staid team; the Mets are the zany neighbors. But as Rodriguez's saga — he and his legal team have been squaring off against the organization while he continues to play third base every day — has sunk the Yankees' day-to-day existence into near absurdity, the Mets and their daily, baseball -related concerns have seemed almost quaint.
3	 Not a moment of his rich life is not made richer by Mr. Paulson's recounting, whether it be working in a science lab at Johns Hopkins University at age; his decision to come out at Yale, which he says inspired other gay students to do the same; the brutal murder of two colleagues in Russia who he says he suspects were KGB officers ; the playwrights he has inspired; and, of course, his hard-fought business successes, as an American who became a Moscow media personality and pioneer.Now Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — After months of deliberating over how to better appeal to Hispanic and other minority voters, some Republicans believe their party is overlooking another dire demographic challenge: women.One year after President Obama carried female voters by an 11 percentage point margin in his re- election, Republican officials are again grappling with another competitive race lost in large part because of women.In the Virginia governor's race last week, Terry McAuliffe defeated Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, the state attorney general, by only.5 percent, but won by nine percentage points among women.
4	  DENVER — When Terrance Roberts, a barrel-chested former leader of the Bloods street gang, campaigned against street violence here, his words carried weight. As a Blood, Mr. Roberts was once shot in the back, and he served time in prison for several felony convictions.Over the last decade, however, he became one of Denver's leading anti-gang advocates, using a group he founded to mentor children and forging relationships with public officials to draw resources to troubled neighborhoods tucked among this city of skiers and snowboarders.But the violence that nearly swallowed him was never far off. On Sept.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration on Wednesday announced a one-year delay in a major element of the new health care law that would allow small businesses to buy insurance online for their employees through the new federal marketplace .It was yet another setback for the rollout of the health care law and resulted, in part, from the well-documented problems of the insurance marketplace website. Administration officials said they had to focus on the basic functions of the website, so that individuals could shop for insurance, before offering online enrollment for small businesses .
3	 LONDON — The developers of a major natural gas field in Azerbaijan have decided that the western end of their export pipeline to Europe should take a shorter, southern route ending in Italy rather than a northern one to Austria, one of the companies competing for the pipeline business said Wednesday.The Austrian energy company OMV, the lead shareholder in the company vying for the northern route, said it had been informed it would not win the pipeline deal, which by some estimates was to cost $4 billion.
2	 AUSTIN, TEX. — Danny Boyle has always been something of a cinematic hypnotist. He has a knack for guiding moviegoers across disparate cinematic terrain using colorful, kinetic visuals and throbbing electronic soundtracks, conjuring immersive worlds that viewers easily fall into.But you'd go broke betting on where he was headed next. After his breakout,  Shallow Grave  in, people had him pegged as a master of the caper gone wrong, but then he came back with  Trainspotting,  an addict travelogue.
4	 UNIONDALE, N.Y. (AP) — A Hofstra University student and an armed intruder were fatally shot during an overnight house break-in next to the campus, police said Friday.Three women and a man were inside the two-story house when the gunman, wearing a ski mask, forced his way in, according to Nassau County Deputy Inspector Kenneth Lack.The shootings occurred around the time police arrived, about:30 a.m., but the initial details were sketchy.The intruder allowed one woman to leave, and she immediately called. Another woman was killed.Victoria Dehel, who lives four houses away, said she'd heard what sounded like fighting.
3	  HONG KONG — Rising operating costs and slumping commodity prices continue to create problems for global mining companies .The latest to come under pressure is Newcrest Mining, Australia's biggest gold miner, which said Friday it would write down assets worth 6 billion Australian dollars, or.7 billion, and scale back planned spending on exploration and new projects.Newcrest, which has gold mines in Australia, Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and Ivory Coast, said its moves were the result of ''the current market environment and outlook, including a recent sharp deterioration in the gold price, the largest in 30 years.
0	 LUBBOCK, Texas — Backup quarterback Davis Webb threw for two touchdowns and 310 yards to lead No. 25 Texas Tech over Texas State 33-7 on Saturday night .Webb threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Eric Ward in the third quarter and a 10-yarder to Bradley Marquez in the fourth after Texas State failed on a fake punt deep in its own territory .Webb finished 19 for 43 and had two interceptions. Texas Tech's defense got the lone touchdown of the first half when linebacker Will Smith returned a fumble 9 yards .
0	 One of the most dominant basketball players in recent memory came out as gay Wednesday, casually mentioning the fact in an interview as if it were an afterthought. The news media and the sports world seemed to treat it as such, too, with little mention of the star's sexuality showing up on social media or on message boards, and virtually no analysis of what the revelation meant for tolerance in society as a whole.At first glance, it seemed implausible.
4	 REDONDO BEACH, Calif. — Many in the audience at Marianne Williamson's appearance here the other night thought they had come to a book signing: They arrived at the Mysterious Galaxy bookstore clutching her texts, expecting a lecture on the journey to inner peace.Instead, they found Ms. Williamson, a best-selling author known for her new age spiritual guide  A Return to Love,  arguing against drone strikes in Yemen, denouncing the influence of money in politics and soliciting donations for her latest campaign — for Congress .After three decades as an author and speaker, Ms.
0	 Nine years later, they are bearded, bedraggled and relentless, a formula that has carried the Boston Red Sox back to the World Series .The Red Sox are American League champions again, a title they earned with a dramatic 5-2 victory over Detroit in Game 6 of the league championship series Saturday night, mostly because of another grand slam off the Tigers' suspect bullpen.With Boston trailing by a run with one out in the seventh inning, Shane Victorino hit a blast off relief pitcher Jose Veras for the second grand slam of his postseason career.
4	  WASHINGTON — With time running short and little real effort under way to avert automatic budget cuts that take effect Friday, substantial and growing wings of both parties are learning to live with — if not love — the so-called sequester. It's going to happen,  said Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio and a leading conservative voice in the House.  It's not the end of the world.
0	 NEW YORK — Madison Bumgarner struck out 10 in seven innings of four-hit ball, outpitching Jonathon Niese to lead the San Francisco Giants over the New York Mets 2-1 Thursday.Juan Perez went 3 for 3 with an RBI single in his hometown, and the World Series champions won for the eighth time in 11 games. After taking two of three from the Mets, the Giants don't even have to change hotels — they stay in New York this weekend to play three interleague games at Yankee Stadium .
3	  DETROIT — Despite steady profits, last year was a rocky one for General Motors, raising questions about the strength of the company's comeback from its bankruptcy and government bailout .G.M., the nation's biggest automaker, posted its lowest United States market share in decades, searched for answers to its longstanding troubles in Europe and struggled to overcome the lingering, politically charged stigma of being   Government Motors. On Wednesday, G.M.'s chief executive, Daniel Akerson, acknowledged that the company still had a long way to go before it completed its turnaround.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chief of the military's newly created Cyber Command told Congress on Tuesday that he is establishing 13 teams of programmers and computer experts who could carry out offensive cyberattacks on foreign nations if the United States were hit with a major attack on its own networks, the first time the Obama administration has publicly admitted to developing such weapons for use in wartime. I would like to be clear that this team, this defend-the-nation team, is not a defensive team,  Gen.
3	 The distributor of the top-selling energy  shot,  5-Hour Energy, has long claimed on product labels, in promotions and in television advertisements that the concentrated caffeine drink produced  no crash later  — the type of letdown that consumers of energy drinks often feel when the beverages' effects wear off.But an advertising watchdog group said on Wednesday that it had told the company five years ago that the claim was unfounded and had urged it then to stop making it.
3	  The Transportation Security Administration said on Tuesday that it would allow airplane passengers to bring pocketknives, golf clubs and other sports items aboard in carry-on bags, loosening some of the restrictions created after the Sept. 11 terror attacks .The agency said the new rules, which align with international standards, would allow its security agents to  better focus their efforts on finding higher-threat items such as explosives.  Box cutters and razor blades are still prohibited in carry-on bags .Passengers will be permitted to carry pocketknives with blades shorter than.36 inches long and.5 inches wide .
4	  LOS ANGELES — Christopher J. Dorner had a long list of grievances and potential victims, most of them police officers he had once worked with, and he was already suspected of killing the daughter of a retired police official and her fianc. So law enforcement officials moved rapidly to protect their own, removing officers from the streets and setting up the largest security detail in any city in recent history. I've not seen anything like this in my time anywhere,  said William J. Bratton, a former police chief in Los Angeles and former police commissioner in New York.
4	  BIG BEAR LAKE, Calif. — The search for the former Los Angeles police officer wanted in three killings continued throughout Friday here, even as a blizzard covered the mountains with a foot of snow . But as no new traces of the suspect were found, the authorities wondered if he had somehow slipped through their fingers. Law enforcement agencies from across Southern California had been on a regionwide manhunt since early Thursday for Christopher J. Dorner, 33, a former Navy reservist sought in connection with the shooting deaths of three people and the attempted shootings of several police officials .
0	 CANTON, Ohio — Sometimes, when youth is served, it pays off.Ask Dallas Cowboys coach Jason Garrett about that and see him smile. Rookie Devonte Holloman's 75- yard interception return with a tipped pass keyed the Cowboys' 24-20 victory over the Miami Dolphins in the Hall of Fame game Sunday night that opened the NFL's preseason. Dallas also got a strong effort from its relatively inexperienced running backs, from some youngsters on the offensive line, and by a defense making the switch to the 4-3 alignment under new coordinator Monte Kiffin.
4	  WASHINGTON — On Oct. 6, 2012, an Air Force Gulfstream jet landed in Tripoli, Libya, carrying a four-star Army general, a brash Republican congressman from Utah, and a young State Department lawyer — an unlikely group there to investigate a harrowing tragedy.Less than a month earlier, militants had overrun and burned the American diplomatic compound in Libya's second city, Benghazi, killing four Americans, including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens . Diplomats at the embassy in Tripoli were still traumatized by the death of their colleagues and fearful for their own safety.
2	 One of 2012's ascendant hip-hop crews was Pro Era, the collection of rappers and producers who grew up with and around the young Brooklyn 1990s-revivalist Joey Badass. On his breakthrough single,  Survival Tactics,  he was joined by his longtime friend Capital Steez, one of Pro Era's most nimble and carefree stylists. Capital Steez died on Dec. 24, just 19 years old.
0	  WASHINGTON — The swelling in Bryce Harper's left knee isn't getting any better, so the Washington outfielder will see a specialist next week and won't be coming off the disabled list when he is eligible. Nationals manager Davey Johnson said Thursday that Harper visit Dr. James Andrews on Monday for a second opinion on the knee that has been troublesome ever since the 20-year-old slugger ran into the wall at Dodger Stadium on May. We've just got to get the swelling out. We've got to get the inflammation out of there,  Johnson said.
2	 Once upon a time, when old movies traveled the crackling airwaves and before everything in black-and-white had been banished to TCM, Errol Flynn was one of the kings of late-night TV.
3	  DETROIT — A tense standoff between Chrysler and federal regulators over the safety of millions of Jeep sport utility vehicles was resolved in one last high-level phone call.The call took place Monday between Sergio Marchionne, Chrysler's chief executive, and David Strickland, head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, according to a person with knowledge of the call who spoke on condition of anonymity because the conversation was private.When it was over Chrysler had agreed to a voluntary campaign, announced on Tuesday, to inspect and upgrade.
4	 Next week, President Obama will mark the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington with a speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, willingly putting himself in the very place where the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr . delivered one of America's greatest oratories five decades ago .The split-screen comparisons are as inevitable as they are unwanted. A gifted orator himself, Mr. Obama nonetheless faces an unenviable task: to offer Americans a stirring, resonant moment that goes beyond his sometimes professorial remarks, without falling into a politically dangerous mimicry of Dr. King's cadences and rhythms.
0	 By the end, they had all left the postseason stage: Brandon Phillips and Michael Bourn, Coco Crisp and Justin Upton, David Price and Andrew McCutchen, Carl Crawford and Prince Fielder . The World Series arrived, and all the African-American stars in the playoff field were gone.When the Boston Red Sox played the St . Louis Cardinals, not a single African-American threw a pitch or took a turn at bat. Quintin Berry, whose father is black, stole a base as a pinch-runner for Boston in Game. There were no other African-Americans on the rosters.
4	 Some commentators have expressed surprise upon learning about the very conservative voting record of Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who delivered the Republican response to the State of the Union address last week. Despite his recent support for immigration reform, Mr. Rubio has generally sided with most other Republicans since winning his Senate seat .Being reliably conservative, however, is hardly a liability for someone who might hope to win the Republican presidential nomination in. Indeed, one reason to watch Mr.
0	  BOSTON — The Chicago Blackhawks stunned the Boston Bruins with a pair of late goals in a series-clinching 3-2 victory on Monday for their second National Hockey League ( NHL ) title in four seasons.Trailing by a goal with 76 seconds remaining, Chicago scored twice in a dramatic 17-second span to clinch the best-of-seven series 4-2 for the franchise's fifth overall title . Boston, chasing a second Stanley Cup championship in three seasons, looked headed to a seventh and deciding game when they led 2-1 before the visitors struck twice.
0	 MADRID — World Player of the Year Lionel Messi netted a first-half hat-trick as Barcelona extended their winning start to their La Liga title defence with an action-packed 3-2 win at Valencia on Sunday.A matter of hours before they sealed the purchase of Wales winger Gareth Bale from Tottenham Hotspur, Real Madrid racked up a maximum nine points when they beat Athletic Bilbao 3-1 at the Bernabeu, while Atletico Madrid also made it three wins in three with a 2-1 success at Real Sociedad .
2	 The scolding, cadenced admonitions rolling out of Olivia Pope — crisis handler, presidential girlfriend and major buzzkill — were a sign of continuity in last Thursday's Season 3 premiere of ABC's  Scandal,  an episode that was patchy and transitional but drew a series-record.5 million viewers .
0	  MIAMI — Marcell Ozuna drove in three runs, and Giancarlo Stanton homered for the Miami Marlins, who dealt Stephen Strasburg the worst loss of his career in a 8-3 win over the Washington Nationals on Friday night .Strasburg (5-7) allowed a career-high seven earned runs and tied a career-high with four walks in two innings after the Nationals spotted him a 3-0 lead.It was his shortest outing since he pitched two innings on May 31 at Atlanta . He left that game early because of a lat strain that forced him to go on the disabled list .
2	 It was like clockwork. Someone writing in The New York Times would refer to the Big Five American orchestras: the Boston Symphony Orchestra, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Cleveland Orchestra, the New York Philharmonic and the Philadelphia Orchestra. And within hours, Peter Pastreich, the respected executive director of the San Francisco Symphony from 1978 to, would beard The Times's overseer of classical music — at the time, me — by telephone or e-mail, complaining that the term Big Five had long since outlived whatever usefulness it may once have had.The Times was by no means alone in using it.
2	 A DVD in a home theater might be more comfortable. A YouTube video might be more accessible. But nothing replaces the experience of a concert, and the pop and jazz critics of The New York Times see them in places as small as basements and as large as stadiums. Here are some of the most fondly remembered live performances of.NINE INCH NAILS Barclays Center, Oct. 14. Trent Reznor's restarted Nine Inch Nails could have pleased fans by just blasting out the hits.
4	 DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, Del. — The soldier bent to his work, careful as a diamond cutter. He carried no weapon or rucksack, just a small plastic ruler, which he used to align a name plate, just so, atop the breast pocket of an Army dress blue jacket, size 39R.Capt. Aaron R. Blanchard, a 32-year-old Army pilot, had been in Afghanistan for only a few days when an enemy rocket killed him and another soldier last month as they dashed toward their helicopter. Now he was heading home .
0	  HOUSTON — Stephen Drew hit a three-run homer in the top of the ninth to rally the Boston Red Sox to a 7-5 victory over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night . David Ortiz had four hits and Jonny Gomes also hit a home run for the Red Sox, who have won seven of their last nine games.Robbie Grossman had two hits, including a homer, and Jason Castro added two hits for the Astros, who have dropped six of seven and are a major league -worst.
0	  BOSTON — A fifth straight defeat, even at home to the hated Knicks, somehow seemed almost preordained for what remains of the Boston Celtics these days. Coach Doc Rivers drew up his 17th starting lineup Tuesday night — and then watched his injury-ravaged team drop a 100-85 decision to the Knicks, the Celtics' 11th — and worst — home defeat of the season.
3	 The stock market moved broadly higher on Thursday, bolstered by positive news about the economy . The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Dow Jones industrial average reached new highs, with the S& P 500 closing above,700 points for the first time. The Nasdaq composite index hit its highest level since September.The gains were driven by a steady flow of encouraging reports on the global economy .Overnight, a positive reading on China's manufacturing helped shore up Asian markets .
3	 When is Cheddar more than cheese, or water more than wet?When it's in a pension fund, of course.As companies struggle to close the gaps between what they owe to their pension funds and what they think they can pay, they are in some cases turning to unusual assets that they hope will make up part of the difference.For example, Dairy Crest, one of Britain's biggest producers of dairy products, said Friday that it would add £60 million, or $92 million, worth of Cheddar cheese to its pension fund .
4	  WASHINGTON — A fresh feud over federal judgeships has again begun to agitate the Senate, with Republicans so far blocking President Obama from filling any of the four vacancies on the nation's most prestigious and important appeals court .After Republicans this week filibustered the nomination of Caitlin J. Halligan of New York to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, Democrats quickly began discussions over how to respond. One possibility is for Mr. Obama to make several simultaneous nominations, in effect daring Republicans to find specific objections in multiple instances.
0	  Max Scherzer was roughed up, and Miguel Cabrera left with an injury. It made for a quiet scene in the ninth inning at mostly empty Comerica Park.Then Torii Hunter turned it around with one big swing for the Detroit Tigers . Hunter's three-run homer with two outs in the ninth lifted Detroit to a 7-6 win over the Oakland Athletics on Thursday and averted a four-game series sweep. Grant Balfour, looking for his 34th save in 35 chances, took the loss. A two-out walk set up Victor Martinez's run-scoring single to cut Oakland's lead to.
4	 DEARBORN HEIGHTS, Mich. — A judge ruled on Thursday that a suburban homeowner who fatally shot an unarmed woman on his porch should stand trial for second-degree murder, rejecting a self-defense argument.There is no dispute that the man, Theodore Wafer, shot Renisha McBride through the screen of his front door in the early hours of Nov. 2. Lawyers for Mr. Wafer said he feared for his life, but Judge David D. Turfe said Mr. Wafer had other options. The defendant made a bad choice,  the judge said, and cannot use a bad decision as a shield from prosecution .Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Consumer confidence ebbed in August and residential construction rose less than expected in July, potentially dimming hopes of an acceleration in economic activity in the second half of the year.Data reported on Friday suggested that a recent jump in interest rates, in anticipation of the Federal Reserve's tapering its bond purchases as early as next month, was starting to weigh on households. People have been shocked by how much mortgage rates have risen in the past couple of months.
3	 WHEN the board of J. C. Penney ousted its chief executive, Ron Johnson — news that broke last Monday — you might say it was, in some small way, because he didn't understand Tracie Fobes.Ms. Fobes, who lives in Raymore, Mo., plans meals around discounts offered at the grocery store and always checks coupon apps on her cellphone before buying clothes. When, a little over a year ago, J. C. Penney stopped promoting sales and offering coupons and instead made a big deal about its  everyday  low prices, Ms. Fobes stopped shopping there.
3	  BRUSSELS — The president of the European Commission on Monday called on E.U. leaders to stay the course on debt reduction and economic overhauls, as he sought to head off a rancorous debate on those issues when the leaders hold a summit meeting here this week. Steadfast implementation of reforms is beginning to deliver results in terms of current accounts and regaining competitiveness,  the commission president, José Manuel Barroso, wrote in a letter to the leaders of the 27 members of the Union.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Four Marines were killed Wednesday in an accident during maintenance of an artillery range at a base outside San Diego, military officials said.The cause of the accident at Camp Pendleton was under investigation, according to officials . The names of the Marines who were killed have not been released by the military, pending notification of their next of kin. The accident occurred during regularly scheduled maintenance of the base's Zulu Impact Area, which is used for firing artillery and dropping bombs from aircraft during training, according to Cpl. Michael Iams.
4	 PONTIAC, Mich. — The mayor here has no decision-making power . The City Council still holds meetings every Thursday night, though no official business can be conducted. Afterward, the council members are locked out of City Hall until morning, escorted from the building by a janitor.As Detroit, a major American city in financial disarray, braces for what oversight by an emergency manager appointed by the State of Michigan may soon mean, one need look no further than Pontiac, a place that has been guided by emergency managers for the past four years. Gov .
1	 Many commercial fishing stocks off the United States coast that were depleted by decades of overfishing are returning to abundance, thanks largely to a 1996 law that effectively ordered limits on catches until the fish populations had rebounded, a newly released analysis of federal data on fish populations states .The analysis, by the Natural Resources Defense Council, concludes that 21 of 44 species that it studied have met rebuilding targets and 7 others have made significant progress, increasing their populations by at least 25 percent.
2	  Somebody gotta survive,  August Alsina says in one of the spoken interludes on his debut major label EP,  Downtown: Life Under the Gun  (Radio Killa/Def Jam. He's just finished tearfully telling the story of how he learned about the murder of his brother, after singing a song,  Don't Forget About Me,  about broken families and broken dreams. Mr. Alsina is from New Orleans, and wears it heavily — about half of this often great EP is given over to such pained stories, making it a rare issues-oriented R&B release.
2	 When Sanford I. Weill bought a 360-acre estate in California wine country three years ago, the area had plenty of attractions — gourmet cuisine, fine hotels, a beautiful climate — everything but a major concert hall for the culturally inclined Mr. Weill. Fund-raising problems and the economic downturn had stalled the completion of the nearby Green Music Center 's auditorium at Sonoma State University .So in, Mr. Weill, the former Citigroup chief executive and longtime chairman of Carnegie Hall, and his wife, Joan, donated $12 million to finish the hall, and Mr. Weill became chairman of the center.
3	 Five years after the global economy was falling at its fastest rate, Western economies are still failing to gain much-needed momentum, despite the efforts of central bankers on both sides of the Atlantic. The challenges facing the United States and Europe were evident on Thursday, with the latest figures on growth from Washington showing signs of underlying weakness as the European Central Bank unexpectedly cut interest rates to a record low, reflecting the threat of deflation.At first glance, the.8 percent annualized growth rate estimated for the United States for the third quarter might appear somewhat rosy.
0	 All singles players at the U.S. Open are getting a big raise this year, from the record.6 million each champion will take home, to the,000 for everyone losing in the first round.The U.S. Tennis Association announced the breakdown of its across-the- board prize money overhaul at the Grand Slam tournament Wednesday, four months after saying it would add more than $8 million to the pool.The total payout, including per diems for players, will be.3 million, up from.5 million in. That's an increase of about 35 percent overall.Last year's singles champions at Flushing Meadows, Serena Williams and Andy Murray, won.
3	 Solazyme, a renewable oil company, and Roquette Frères, a global starch processor, are dissolving a joint venture to produce food ingredients derived from algae after failing to agree on a timeline and strategy to bring the products to market, the companies said Monday.The partnership is one of several that Solazyme, a relatively young enterprise that hopes to mass market fuel oil, has entered into with established companies to help it build manufacturing capacity for several product lines, including cosmetics, personal care items and petrochemical replacements.
0	  COSTA DO SAUIPE, Brazil — Juergen Klinsmann was handed the task of trying to knock his country out of the World Cup when the United States team he coaches was drawn against Germany in the opening round of next year's finals. I had a feeling it was going to happen, I saw it coming,  said Klinsmann who won the World Cup as a player with West Germany in 1990 and led them to the semi-finals as coach on home soil in.The U.S.
0	 Last season, Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist was one of the first professional athletes to participate in the You Can Play campaign, promoting respect for all athletes without regard to sexual orientation . That was why some were surprised when Lundqvist, in Stockholm earlier this month to prepare for the Sochi Olympics, declined to comment on a new law in Russia that has been criticized in the West as antigay. When it comes to the Olympics, I think you should just focus on the sport,  Lundqvist said in Stockholm.
2	 During Christmas week, Carnegie Hall is surprisingly active, starting on Sunday afternoon at, when the Met Orchestra performs an all-Mahler program conducted by James Levine. The compelling baritone Peter Mattei will be the soloist in  Song of a Wayfarer.  Then Mr. Levine will lead the teeming, episodic yet inexorable Seventh Symphony, an 80-minute workout for a maestro and orchestra. Then the conductor Jaime Laredo presents two programs with the New York String Orchestra, a group of select young musicians in training. On Tuesday, Christmas Eve, at 7 p.m.
4	 Even before they heard that family photographs were missing, investigators said they sensed something was not right with the scattered remains of Monserrate Shirley's home.An explosion inside her house devastated an Indianapolis neighborhood on Nov. 10, killing two neighbors, injuring 12 and damaging more than 30 homes beyond repair. Left behind were mounds of debris and questions about what caused the blast that would take investigators weeks to sort through — from suspicions of foul play to the nuances of microwave ovens.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the government shutdown grinds toward a potential debt default, some of the country's most influential business executives have come to a conclusion all but unthinkable a few years ago : Their voices are carrying little weight with the House majority that their millions of dollars in campaign contributions helped build and sustain.Their frustration has grown so intense in recent days that several trade association officials warned in interviews on Wednesday that they were considering helping wage primary campaigns against Republican lawmakers who had worked to engineer the political standoff in Washington .
2	 PARIS —  I am fascinated by these dancers,  the performance artist Marina Abramovic whispered this month, sitting at the front of a huge, light-filled rehearsal studio at the top of the Bastille opera house . Before her, nine Paris Opera Ballet members moved dreamily around the room in an improvisation as the inexorable strains of Ravel's  Bolero  resounded.Jérémie Belingard, an étoile, or topped-ranked dancer, was engaged in an intense push-pull duet with Alice Renavand, a principal dancer .
2	  MINNEAPOLIS — A deadline from management to settle a nearly yearlong lockout of the Minnesota Orchestra players expired on Sunday, but both sides appeared willing to continue negotiations .In a statement released on Sunday evening, management said:  The board has offered a further revision to its compromise proposal that seeks to end the lockout and result in a multiyear contract, and discussions involving the mediator have been ongoing this weekend. We are currently awaiting word from the musicians regarding the proposal. We will share further news as soon as we are able to do so on Monday.
3	 PARIS — French lawmakers proposed measures on Thursday to combat tax evasion and faulted a chain of financial players, including banks, that enable a flight of tax revenue estimated at 80 billion euros, or $110 billion, a year.Included in the 34 proposals adopted in the Senate were sanctions against those who advertise services that shield money in offshore accounts . Other proposals would establish an international register of offshore trusts used to hide money and the ownership of property and art works and would increase protections for whistle-blowers .
3	 BERLIN — Prime Minister Antonis Samaras of Greece, meeting on Friday with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, said that his country was poised to return to economic stability and was  on track  to repay its international creditors .Standing beside Ms. Merkel after talks in Berlin on Friday, Mr. Samaras cited a primary budget surplus — a surplus that excludes debt payments — that his government has projected for 2013 as an indicator that the Greek economy was on the mend after six straight years of recession .
4	  WASHINGTON — John D. Apel says his First Amendment rights were violated when he was convicted of breaking federal law by entering an area set aside for protests near the main entrance to Vandenberg Air Force Base, from which he had been banned.But the Supreme Court justices did not seem interested in Mr. Apel's free speech rights on Wednesday during arguments in his case .Mr. Apel had been barred from the base, in Santa Barbara County, Calif., after earlier convictions for vandalism and trespass.
4	  The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles released,000 pages of internal files last Thursday on priests accused of sexually abusing children, saying that it was finally abiding by a settlement it signed with victims six years ago to make the painful history public.But it now appears that the files the church released with much fanfare are incomplete and many are unaccounted for, according to the abuse victims' lawyers . In addition, on many documents the names of church supervisors informed of abuse allegations were redacted by the archdiocese, in apparent violation of a judge's order.
0	  BOSTON — Boston's four principal sports teams have had an unusually impressive stretch of success, a run of seven championships that began when the New England Patriots won their first Super Bowl, after the 2001 season. (An eighth title was within reach Wednesday night .)But of those seven titles, only one was clinched in Boston : the Celtics' N.B.A. title in June. The Patriots' three Super Bowl victories were in neutral cities: New Orleans in, Houston in 2004 and Jacksonville in. The Boston Bruins won Game 7 of the N.H.L.'s Stanley Cup finals in Vancouver in.
2	 One of the baritones was asked to work on his pitch:  Enter as a tenor!  A soprano was coached on her volume:  Make that the top of your crescendo!  And the ensembles were urged to work on their diction, and the rhythm of their back and forth:  Like table tennis ! None of which would have been unusual at an opera rehearsal but for one thing: Not a note of music was being played or sung.
2	 MILTON KEYNES, England — The defection of Alina Cojocaru from the Royal Ballet to the English National Ballet caused a minor sensation in the dance world when it was announced in July, and was widely viewed as a major coup for Tamara Rojo, the company's new director who was also a former Royal Ballet star.Ms. Cojocaru, who made her debut in the company's new production of  Le Corsaire  on Thursday night here, is a major ballerina and a major asset to a troupe generally regarded as a tier below the Royal Ballet companies .
4	  WASHINGTON — Last month's Supreme Court rulings on same-sex marriage were major gay rights victories. But countless questions about the legal rights of gay men and lesbians remain.Here's one: May gays be excluded from juries on account of their sexual orientation ? The federal appeals court in California will soon decide the issue, which turns out to be surprisingly knotty.It arose at the 2011 trial of an antitrust fight between two giant drug companies .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration has told Vista volunteers and other AmeriCorps workers that their government -provided health coverage does not measure up to the standards of the new health care law, and that they may be subject to financial penalties unless they obtain insurance elsewhere.The notice has surprised and worried workers in AmeriCorps, the federal community service program that is often described as a domestic version of the Peace Corps .Mary Strasser, the director of AmeriCorps' Vista program, described the changes in a bulletin to members on Dec. 16.
4	 When Jim McCrery, a former Louisiana congressman, urged lawmakers last month to pursue entitlement cuts and tax reform, he was introduced on television as a leader of Fix the Debt, a group of business executives and onetime legislators who have become Washington's most visible and best-financed advocates for reining in the federal deficit .Mr. McCrery did not mention his day job: a lobbyist with Capitol Counsel L.L.C.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Orders for factory goods that signal business investment plans jumped last month by the most in more than a year, suggesting companies were confident about their business prospects.The Commerce Department said on Wednesday that orders for so-called core capital goods, which include industrial machinery, construction equipment and computers, rose.3 percent in January from December. A sharp drop in demand for commercial aircraft caused overall orders for durable goods, items expected to last at least three years, to fall.2 percent, the first decline since August.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Andrew McCutchen twirled his right arm like a windmill as he rounded the bases after hitting a game-tying home run early Saturday night . One inning later, he took a mighty hack at a low slider, pulling it into left field to send home the go-ahead run.And when the night was over, he galloped from center field, leaping into the air as fireworks popped, to celebrate the Pittsburgh Pirates' 4-2 victory against the Mets at PNC Park.
3	 Boeing is conducting laboratory tests on its proposed fixes for the lithium-ion batteries on its new 787 jets, and federal regulators said Tuesday that they would need to see the results before deciding whether to allow flight tests . The Federal Aviation Administration is conducting its own evaluation of the changes, which are meant to keep the batteries from catching fire or emitting smoke, as occurred on two flights in January.Industry and federal officials said the agency had rejected a request from Boeing to set a date to begin checking the solutions on flights by Boeing's test aircraft.Laura J.
4	  WASHINGTON — For most Americans, Monday is the deadline to sign up for health insurance that takes effect on Jan . 1. It was supposed to be a turning point in the troubled history of the new health care law, the moment when the spotlight would shift from the federal government's online marketplace to the insurance companies providing coverage to hundreds of thousands and eventually millions of people.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Thomas Bangalter, half of the influential French dance-music act Daft Punk, has a house high in the Hollywood Hills here. He and his musical partner, Guy- Manuel de Homem-Christo, divide their time between Los Angeles and Paris, where their families live. But for all their jet-setting, there's little evidence of rock star flash to be seen (well, apart from the Porsche that Mr. de Homem-Christo has parked in the driveway.
4	  WASHINGTON — In, Zell Miller, then governor of Georgia and a Democrat, advised his colleague Bill Clinton of Arkansas that there were two guys he needed to run his likely presidential campaign : James Carville and Paul Begala. Who are they?  asked Mr. Clinton, a man well versed in Democratic politics. Even though they had had successes, including Mr. Miller's election, Mr. Carville and Mr. Begala did not become a big deal until they ran Harris Wofford's campaign in a special Pennsylvania Senate election in. It was the signature contest of that off-year election cycle .
3	 The Harvard professor and economics commentator Niall Ferguson issued  an unqualified apology  over the weekend for suggesting that John Maynard Keynes was indifferent to the long-term implications of his economic theories because Keynes was gay and had no children.Mr. Ferguson, who is the Laurence A. Tisch Professor of History at Harvard, has been an outspoken critic of Keynesian economics, warning that high government deficits would hurt economic growth, rather than help it, as Keynesians argue.The comments Mr. Ferguson apologized for came in response to an audience question on Thursday at the Strategic Investment Conference in Carlsbad, Calif.
0	 (Reuters) - Stoke City have signed Spain under-21 defender Marc Muniesa from Barcelona on a free transfer, the Premier League club said on Tuesday.Muniesa has agreed a four-year contract with the English club who finished 13th last season before appointing Mark Hughes as their manager in May to replace Tony Pulis. I'm very excited about moving to England to play for Stoke City and will do everything I can to help the club,  the 21-year-old said on his new club's website (www.stokecityfc.com.
3	 LONDON — On a recent Wednesday afternoon, Maureen Goodwin sat sipping a cup of coffee and reading a book in a coffee shop . Next to her were a newspaper and some flowers she had just purchased. I come here every day,  said Ms. Goodwin, 84. Her favorite spot was the Harris and Hoole coffee shop — inside a Tesco Extra hypermarket in Watford, a town just north of London.  It's incredible what they've done. They must have spent an awful lot of money . Yes, they have.
3	 On a recent business trip to New York, Joe Pullin of Novi, Mich., did something he would have considered unthinkable not long ago .Rather than rush off the plane and into a cab headed into Manhattan, he lingered at the arrival gate at La Guardia Airport, stopping for a leisurely lunch at Bisoux, a French bistro, and using the iPad mounted on his table to order his meal, check his e-mail and pay the bill. I'm very impressed. I think it adds another dimension to this airport that never existed before,  said Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Tuesday called on Congress to quickly pass a new package of limited spending cuts and tax increases to head off substantial across-the- board reductions to domestic and military spending set to begin on March, but his appeal for more revenue was dismissed by Republicans .Trying to gain the upper hand in the latest fiscal clash, Mr. Obama said Congress should delay the reductions for at least a few months to give lawmakers a chance to negotiate a full deficit reduction package that permanently resolves the threat of a so-called sequester.
4	 The first Congressional hearing focused on the Sept. 16 shooting at the Washington Navy Yard has been postponed indefinitely because of the government shutdown .The hearing on Tuesday of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs was to examine how the government grants clearance and conducts background checks, after a Navy contractor with a history of errant behavior killed 12 people at the complex.Emily Spain, a spokeswoman for Senator Tom Carper of Delaware, the committee chairman, said it had not been rescheduled and warned of possible future postponements and cancellations.
0	 Theories about C. C. Sabathia 's declining performance the last two seasons include the effect of his heavy workload — an average of 227 innings over 16 seasons — and his operation for bone chips in his pitching elbow after the 2012 season.But then there is the theory, maybe not that far-fetched, that there is less life on Sabathia's pitches because there is less of Sabathia these days.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The authorities here have received more than 700 tips from the public on the whereabouts of Christopher J. Dorner, the former Los Angeles police officer wanted in connection with three killings, police officials said on Monday.The number of calls about Mr. Dorner has increased since Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa of Los Angeles announced a $1 million reward on Sunday for information leading to his arrest, said Lt. Andrew Neiman of the Los Angeles Police Department, who added that leads had come in from  far and wide.
0	 ROME — Turin city council has approved Juventus's plan for a new multi-million dollar training complex to be built next to their new ground, the ANSA news agency reported on Friday.The cost of the development in the Continassa area will be split between the club and the council. The new headquarters are to include football pitches, a cinema, spa and houses.In June, the Serie A champions announced they had bought,000 square metres of the area from the council at a cost of.7 million euros .8 million pounds .
3	 BULGA, Australia — Bulga, a hamlet nestled in the verdant hills of the wine country north of Sydney, is at the center of a legal dispute that could reshape the regulatory environment of a national economy heavily dependent on natural resource extraction.On Wednesday, a court in the state of New South Wales is set to hear an appeal of a ruling this year that blocked the expansion of a nearby open-pit coal mine. The ruling was on a lawsuit brought by Bulga residents against the British-Australian mining giant Rio Tinto .
3	 Just hours after a board discussion on Monday, a note went out to Sears Holdings employees from Edward S. Lampert, the company's majority owner and chairman, that he would now be its chief executive . I believe in our company,  Mr. Lampert wrote.But not everyone shares his optimism.Seven years after he engineered the merger of Sears and Kmart, Mr. Lampert's plans for the company face a new round of skepticism.On Monday, Sears announced that its chief executive of two years, Louis J. D'Ambrosio, would be stepping aside because of a health issue in his family and that Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Eric C. Wilson is no longer behind bars. But he is not free.Mr. Wilson is one of the sailors known as the Norfolk Four, and there is every reason to think he is innocent of the rape charge that sent him to prison for more than seven years. But the conviction stands, and that means he must register as a sex offender .He wants to clear his name, and last week the Supreme Court indicated interest in his case . All Mr. Wilson asks for is a hearing on his challenge to his conviction.
0	 There are more charismatic stars in the N.C.A.A. tournament, more compelling characters, louder and flashier. There are players who jump on scorers' tables, and players who preen after dunks. Shane Larkin of Miami does none of that. He treats basketball like a chemistry exam, and he gets consistently high grades.A sophomore point guard, Larkin has been the steadying force for the Hurricanes this season. With Larkin operating as Coach Jim Larranaga's on- court surrogate, Miami claimed its first Atlantic Coast Conference regular-season and tournament titles . Larranaga described him as a player with an innate feel for the game.
4	  A federal appeals court in San Francisco heard arguments on Wednesday over whether a California law banning gay  conversion therapy  for minors is an unjustified infringement on free speech or a valid effort to prevent therapeutic malpractice.The law, adopted last year, was the first of its kind and an unusual effort to regulate a form of talk therapy. It bars licensed therapists from trying to change the sexual orientation of people under the age of.
0	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — Albert Pujols circled this date on his calendar when the schedule came out last winter. His first game against the St . Louis Cardinals was certainly a success from a team standpoint, if not a personal one. Jered Weaver earned his second win of an injury-plagued season with help from a five-run second inning, and the Los Angeles Angels extended their winning streak to seven games Tuesday night with a 5-1 victory over St . Louis in the Cardinals' first game at Angel Stadium. St .
1	 Two years ago, a pair of scientists set off on a barnstorming tour to save the world from religion, promote science and reason, and sell a few books.Their adventure is now the subject of  The Unbelievers,  a documentary out just in time for Christmas, opening for a week in Manhattan on Friday.If you think a road trip with a pair of intellectuals wielding laptops is likely to lack drama, you haven't been keeping up with the culture wars.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Ike Davis was the Mets ' second-to-last batter Sunday afternoon in their last game before the All-Star break . Davis, a pinch-hitter, grounded into a double play, leaving a fresh image for the team to consider during its brief midsummer vacation.Despite Davis's continuing struggles, the Mets defeated the Pittsburgh Pirates, 4-2, before a sellout crowd at PNC Park, capping a 6-3 road trip .
4	  WASHINGTON — When the veteran Senator Max Baucus announced his retirement in April, a feeling of dread went through the Democratic ranks, not so much over the potential loss of his Montana seat, but over the game of musical committee chairs that would elevate an iconoclast to lead the coveted Finance Committee and a pro- oil moderate to head the energy committee .But as politics begin supplanting policy considerations ahead of the 2014 elections, calculations are shifting on Capitol Hill . It is a measure of the challenging political landscape Democrats face that Mr.
2	 The Beast could not conquer Astoria, thanks in part to a too-hasty guess about a pornographic cat and bad advice about a Mets pitcher . He could not conquer the East Village, where trivia sharks were lying in wait. But he did emerge from Social Bar in the theater district as, for one night at least, king of the inconsequential and obscure.The Beast is Mark Labbett, the formidable British trivia expert whom contestants must out-answer on the GSN game show  The Chase .
0	 Not the head coaching fraternity, with only 32 jobs in the N.F.L., it is one of the most exclusive groups in sports.Instead, try getting a slot on a coaching staff . By opening kickoff in September, there will be more than 600 coordinators and assistants, as well as assistants to the coordinators and to the assistants, judging by current rosters.Including the head coach, Jacksonville and Tampa Bay are at one end of the spectrum with 23 positions, with Pittsburgh and New England are at the other end.
3	 LONDON — The Bank of England made good on its pledge to keep interest rates low on Thursday, amid signs that Britain's economic recovery was picking up steam .The British central bank kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a record low of.5 percent. It also said it would hold its program of economic stimulus at £375 billion, or $580 billion.After avoiding a triple- dip recession at the beginning of the year, the British economy started to recover.
3	 Volkswagen is working with the United Automobile Workers at its Chattanooga, Tenn., assembly plant on how to unionize the plant and create a German-style works council there, the president of the labor union said on Friday.The company would be the first German automaker to have such a council at a United States plant . A works council is a group of employees, including both white- and blue -collar workers, that meets with management on issues like working conditions and productivity .But to avoid violating American labor laws, the plant would first have to be formally unionized, the company said.
2	 VENICE — It is difficult to imagine a better use of 3D than in Alfonso Cuarón's  Gravity,  which opened the Venice Film Festival this year not just with a bang, but with a considerable quantity of space debris that the audience found hurtling toward them with alarming verisimilitude.The out-of-competition film shown on Wednesday night stars Sandra Bullock as Ryan Stone, a medical researcher, and George Clooney as Matt Kowalsky, a veteran astronaut on his last mission.
2	 SKYE STEELE had just raced through an intricate tune called  Man-Made Nemesis  last week at ShapeShifter Lab when he tucked his violin under one arm, issuing an invitation in the form of an order. All the musicians in the audience — he called out half a dozen by name — were implored to join his band, the Railroad Rodia, for a chantlike finale.In short order the stage got crowded. The well-traveled drummers Richie Barshay and Satoshi Takeishi took up hand percussion in one corner.
2	  MIAMI BEACH — On a recent afternoon here in the spacious rehearsal halls of Miami City Ballet, where palm trees frame oversize windows, the sisters Patricia and Jeanette Delgado rehearsed Jerome Robbins's  Dances at a Gathering  and swapped pointers. As Jeanette struggled in a high lift over her partner's head, Patricia, sprawled on the floor below, stretching, suggested that her sister soften with the music. Later Jeanette returned the favor — as Patricia came out of a fast turn, Jeanette advised her to  roll down through your foot  to stop the momentum.
2	 For 20 years, Hot 97's Summer Jam has been one of the largest and most influential hip-hop concerts in the country, a wild stadium-sized party where bitter disagreements between artists are often aired, surprise guests are expected and the latest trends are on display.Take for instance, the speculation swirling around Nicki Minaj.Though she's not on the bill for the concert on Sunday, the station is feeding rumors that she'll appear — making up for last year, when she canceled her scheduled performance after a Hot 97 D.J. denigrated her song  Starships  for not being  real hip-hop .
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — Rory McIlroy is sure glad to be back at the PGA Championship .Having endured plenty of wayward shots this season, the 24-year-old was feeling more positive about his game after opening with a 1-under 69 on Thursday at Oak Hill in the final major of the year.He probably hasn't felt this good since last year's PGA blowout at Kiawah Island, where he was on top of the golf world after a record eight- stroke victory .Sure, it's a different course. But McIlroy will take any little edge he can get.
4	  BOSTON — For the second time in his three-week-old criminal trial, James (Whitey) Bulger cursed in court on Thursday, according to prosecutors who accused him of trying to intimidate a witness just as he tried to intimidate people as a gang leader in South Boston . Prosecutors said Mr. Bulger called a witness, John Morris, a former F.B.I. supervisor, a liar, using an expletive. Mr. Morris was on the stand providing names, dates and places of what he said was Mr. Bulger's history as a government informant.Mr.
3	 An investor has bought this 25- foot wide, five-story elevator building with 10 apartments, each with a fireplace, in Yorkville. There are two one-bedroom duplexes, six two-bedrooms, one three-bedroom duplex and one four-bedroom penthouse duplex, which is the only vacant apartment. One two-bedroom apartment is rent-controlled ; the rest are free-market .A children's clothing and gift shop, specializing in handmade and vintage clothes, has signed a five-year lease for the,100- square-foot ground-floor space in this two- story building with an apartment on the second floor. The shop, expected to open by summer, is to have a small cafe.
4	 The Minnesota House of Representatives on Thursday voted to permit same-sex marriage, clearing the way to add Minnesota to a string of states that have recently made it legal for gay and lesbian couples to wed.The House, which is controlled by Democrats, approved the measure by a vote of, dividing mostly along party lines . In recent months, as the debate over same-sex marriage emerged in St . Paul, a capital newly dominated by Democrats, the outcome in the House had been seen as most uncertain.
0	 (Reuters) - Park Inbee's run of consecutive major victories ended after Stacy Lewis of the United States came from behind to win the women's British Open by two shots at St Andrews on Sunday.Park, aiming to become the first golfer of either gender to win four majors in a calendar year, was never in contention in Scotland, a final round six-over par 78 consigning the world number one to six-over for the tournament and share of 42nd place.
4	  DENVER — With a stroke of the governor's pen, Colorado on Thursday legalized civil unions for same-sex couples, a major shift for a Western state where voters outlawed same-sex marriages in.The law makes Colorado the 18th state to allow gay marriage or some form of same-sex union, and its signing comes days before the Supreme Court hears two major cases on marriage equality .For many gay Coloradans, it was a jubilant — if almost unreal — moment.
4	  BOSTON — A federal judge said in a ruling filed Thursday that James  Whitey  Bulger cannot tell a jury at his coming trial he had immunity from prosecution — a decision that is likely to hobble the defense strategy for the New England mob leader.Mr. Bulger is set to be tried in June on a sweeping racketeering indictment that charges him with crimes, including involvement in 19 murders, that he is said to have committed while acting as the king of Boston's crime underworld. The authorities say that he was an F.B.I. informer at the same time.Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The director of the National Security Agency told Congress on Wednesday that  dozens  of terrorism threats had been halted by the agency's huge database of the logs of nearly every domestic phone call made by Americans, while a senator briefed on the program disclosed that the telephone records are destroyed after five years.The director, Gen. Keith B. Alexander, who heads both the N.S.A.
2	 The group's 84 voting members, givers of the Golden Globe Awards, insist, for instance, that they are impartial journalists . Yet they mostly write for obscure publications like Ogoniok, a Russian magazine, and they allow studios to court them aggressively. Tubs of Italian food, spread out at the group's headquarters here on a recent afternoon, came with a sign:  Lunch courtesy of Harvey Weinstein . The Globes, which will be handed out on Sunday (Mr. Weinstein's movies are up for 14 trophies, are not taken seriously as artistic milestones, especially compared with the Oscars.
0	  BALTIMORE — Hiroki Kuroda had already given up two home runs when he proved incapable of avoiding a heat -seeking line drive off the bat of Manny Machado in the second inning Wednesday. The ball ricocheted off Kuroda's right leg and bounced toward third base for a single. Joe Girardi, the Yankees' manager, made a beeline to the pitcher's mound from the dugout, a team trainer in tow.
3	 YURKHAROVSKOYE GAS FIELD, Russia — The polar ice cap is melting, and if executives at the Russian energy company Novatek feel guilty about profiting from that, they do not let it be known in public.From this windswept shore on the Arctic Ocean, where Novatek owns enormous natural gas deposits, a stretch of thousands of miles of ice-free water leads to China . The company intends to ship the gas directly there. If we don't sell them the fuel, somebody else will,  Mikhail Lozovoi, a spokesman for Novatek, said last month with a shrug.
0	 NEW YORK — Rejuvenated at age, Lleyton Hewitt was two points away from reaching the U.S. Open quarterfinals for the first time since.A champion at Flushing Meadows a dozen years ago, Hewitt could not close out Tuesday's five-setter against 21 st -seeded Mikhail Youzhny in the fourth round . It's one of the hardest games to win — the last one,  Hewitt said.Dropping the last five games of the back-and-forth, nearly four-hour match, a fading Hewitt lost to Youzhny, 3-6, 6-7 (3), 6-4, 7-5.How close was it? Hewitt won more total points, 146-145.
0	 OWINGS MILLS, Md. — With the fog machine on full blast before Sunday's A.F.C. wild-card game at M&T Bank Stadium, Ray Lewis made his way onto the field to the symphonic renderings of the hip-hop artist Nelly. He reached down to grab a thick slab of sod and smashed it into his face. He bathed in it,  his teammate Albert McClellan said Tuesday at the Baltimore Ravens' training facility .  He really bathed in it. Only then did Lewis begin his signature dance. He slid to the right, slid to the left, popped his chest twice and screamed.
3	 Employees who now have to wait another year to get health coverage through their employer will have little recourse but to buy their own insurance at the newly created state exchanges . The Obama administration's decision, announced on Tuesday, to delay for a year a requirement that larger employers provide insurance or pay a penalty has made the operation of the state exchanges — where individuals can shop for insurance starting Oct. 1 — more critical to the success of the new health care law.
3	 GRANGEMOUTH, Scotland — The vast petrochemical complex at Grangemouth is a constellation of lights and glowing plumes of steam west of Edinburgh that has become a shimmering symbol of Scotland at an economic and political crossroads.In mid-October, some of those lights went dark when James A. Ratcliffe, the chairman of Ineos, a Swiss multinational giant that owns much of the Grangemouth operation, ordered it shut down. Mr. Ratcliffe, during labor negotiations, was trying to shock the work force into  accepting changes to bring the site into the modern world,  he said in a recent interview.
2	 What is New York Live Arts? That's been a question in the dance world since an announcement in late 2010 that Dance Theater Workshop, a cherished institution that had been presenting and supporting experimental artists for 45 years, was merging with the Bill T. Jones/Arnie Zane Dance Company . New York Live Arts became the name of the hybrid.The dance company had been looking for a home, and Dance Theater Workshop had one: offices, rehearsal studios and a 180-seat theater, all housed in a building that the organization had gone into debt to open in.
1	 For decades, mice have been the species of choice in the study of human diseases. But now, researchers report evidence that the mouse model has been totally misleading for at least three major killers — sepsis, burns and trauma. As a result, years and billions of dollars have been wasted following false leads, they say.The study's findings do not mean that mice are useless models for all human diseases. But, its authors said, they do raise troubling questions about diseases like the ones in the study that involve the immune system, including cancer and heart disease .
4	  WASHINGTON — As Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, a 71-year-old Republican fixture in Washington, prepares to try to fend off a challenge by Alison Lundergan Grimes, a 34-year-old Democratic political newcomer, his team says he will address and even embrace the gender and generational differences between them.Given recent struggles that Republican Senate contenders have had with women's issues, Mr. McConnell's advisers say they intend to confront head-on the criticism Democrats have already begun leveling against him on issues they view as particularly important to female voters .
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — It's the Martian version of spring break: Curiosity and Opportunity, along with their spacecraft friends circling overhead, will take it easy this month because of the sun's interference.For much of April, the sun blocks the line of sight between Earth and Mars. This celestial alignment — called a Mars solar conjunction — makes it difficult for engineers to send instructions or hear from the flotilla in orbit and on the surface.Such communication blackouts occur every two years when the red planet disappears behind the sun.
0	  KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Omar Infante set career highs with five hits and six RBIs, Andy Dirks also went 5 for 5 and the Detroit Tigers pounded the Kansas City Royals 16-2 on Friday night . Austin Jackson drove in four runs as the Tigers finished with a season-high 26 hits . Dirks, who is hitting.410 against Kansas City this season, scored four times.Infante had run-producing singles in the second, fourth and seventh innings and a three-run double in the fifth.
2	 The shocking ending of this season's  Downton Abbey  — shocking at least for those who managed to avoid the news when the finale was shown in Britain in December — most likely left thousands of the show's fans mourning the loss of a beloved character and angry with the show's creators for erasing him from their lives.The plot twist, though, was just the latest in a long tradition of television character assassinations, many of which have elicited reactions of shock, pain, sorrow, fury and sometimes laughter from devoted watchers.
1	 Astronomers released the latest and most exquisite baby picture yet of the universe on Thursday, one that showed it to be 80 million to 100 million years older and a little fatter than previously thought, with more matter in it and perhaps ever so slightly lopsided.Recorded by the European Space Agency's Planck satellite, the image is a heat map of the cosmos as it appeared only,000 years after the Big Bang, showing space speckled with faint spots from which galaxies would grow over billions of years.
3	 LONDON — With growth in Britain steaming ahead of its Continental rivals, the chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, claimed victory on Thursday over European critics of austerity budgets, and even balanced some small giveaways with promises of more harsh medicine to address weaknesses, insisting that the job of repairing the economy was far from complete.Despite sharp, upward revisions of growth estimates, Mr. Osborne offered only small tax breaks to hard-pressed Britons — like married couples and small businesses — and even those were accompanied by a warning that workers would have to wait longer to retire.
0	  BALTIMORE — Ivan Nova did not sound very convincing Thursday when he said it, but he claimed that his elbow felt fine and that he would be able to pitch in his next scheduled start Sunday against the Boston Red Sox .Nova, perhaps the Yankees' best pitcher over the last several starts, was removed from his latest start Tuesday after reporting tightness in his right elbow. He threw a bullpen session Thursday afternoon and came back to the clubhouse saying the elbow had improved. It didn't feel like the other day,  Nova said.  It feels good.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senators negotiating a bipartisan deal to keep student loan rates low reached a deal on Wednesday night that could end the partisan feud on Capitol Hill that has threatened to permanently double interest rates.Two Senate aides said that the new proposal, which had been the subject of tense negotiations since the rates doubled on July, would include both a cap on federal Stafford and PLUS loans and a relatively low interest rate pegged to Treasury notes . Undergraduates would pay the 10-year Treasury note rate, 2.49 percent on Wednesday, plus.05 percent, with a cap of.
2	 With its stately brownstones and trendy cafes, the Park Slope neighborhood in Brooklyn might seem an unlikely place to produce a Southern country-rock trio. But the members of the Lone Bellow are all transplants there from small Southern towns, and though they have made a life in Brooklyn, their stomping, acoustic sound seems rooted in the places they grew up, drawing on that region's country, soul, gospel and folk. I call it country-soul,  said Kanene Pipkin, one of the members.
4	  WASHINGTON — Just days before the Obama administration's self-imposed deadline to fix the troubled federal health insurance website, officials said Monday that they were aware of another problem that has prevented thousands of people who were unable to verify their identity from shopping for health plans .Many users of the website have had their applications cast into limbo after they uploaded copies of documents like driver's licenses, Social Security cards and voter registration cards, or sent them to the office of the federal insurance marketplace in London, Ky.
4	  DENVER — Nearly a decade before DNA evidence cleared the parents of JonBenet Ramsey in the killing of their 6-year-old daughter, a grand jury pursuing the case decided to indict the couple on charges of child abuse leading to the girl's death, according to documents unsealed on Friday.The documents, four pages in total, were released in response to a lawsuit brought by a newspaper reporter and the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press. They provided a new detail in the tangled story of one of Colorado's most notorious unsolved murders.
2	 With her toothless grin, floppy hat and tell-it-like-it-is persona, Moms Mabley may be one of the most influential comedians you don't know. She rose to fame in the early decades of the 20th century on the chitlins circuit — the collection of stages around the country that employed black entertainers during segregation — and she would go on to a career that spanned more than 50 years.
3	  WASHINGTON — Tens of thousands of new electric cars are zipping into traffic this year, and with them come a trunkful of strategies about how to recharge them.
4	 PALM CITY, Fla. — It was not his motivation, certainly, but President Obama is honoring his modern predecessors on this Presidents' Day weekend by doing what many of them liked to do on breaks: chill out in Florida with the guys — including, in his case, one of golf's most famous guys, Tiger Woods .And chilling the president is. Northerners who begrudge Mr. Obama's golf getaway to South Florida might take solace in knowing that Sunday started with temperatures in the low 40s, with winds making it feel like the 30s and whipping up the waves along the shore.
2	 The soprano Deborah Voigt is still wondering whether, during a crisis in confidence, she made the right decision last month to withdraw from the season-opening production of Wagner's   Tristan und Isolde  at the Washington National Opera. She had sung Isolde to acclaim in important productions over the previous 10 years. But last month, she found the long, punishing role beyond her current vocal capacities.During a tearful meeting in her dressing room with Francesca Zambello, the artistic director of the company and a longtime colleague and friend, Ms.
1	 Here's a peek inside one part of a science editor's job: each week the team meets to discuss the articles that are about to be published in the big medical and scientific journals, which are released to us in advance under strict confidentiality rules. We pick the ones we want to write about and decide how important we think they are — possible front-page news, for instance, or worthy of a short item.It's always interesting when our judgment differs from that of editors elsewhere.
2	 SURPRISINGLY, Joseph Conrad's novella  Heart of Darkness  has only been filmed once under its own name — as a 1993 made-for-television movie directed by Nicolas Roeg.
3	 GREER, S.C. — For Joerg Klisch, hiring the first 60 workers to build heavy engines at his company's new factory in South Carolina was easy. Finding the next 60 was not so simple. It seemed like we had sucked up everybody who knew about diesel engines,  said Mr. Klisch, vice president for North American operations of Tognum America.  It wasn't working as we had planned. So Mr. Klisch did what he would have done back home in Germany: He set out to train them himself. Working with five local high schools and a career center in Aiken County, S.C.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The last space shuttle to soar makes its museum debut this weekend, and it's the belle of NASA's retirement ball.The Atlantis exhibit opens to the public Saturday at Kennedy Space Center, the centerpiece of a $100 million attraction dedicated to the entire 30-year shuttle program.For the first time ever, ordinary Earthlings get to see a space shuttle in a pose previously beheld only by a select few astronauts.Tilted at a deliberate angle of.
0	  BALTIMORE — The Carolina Panthers enjoyed many happy returns in a preseason victory over the defending champs.Now if only they can do something about their inconsistent offense, the Panthers would be ready to start the regular season .Ted Ginn Jr. took a punt 74 yards for a touchdown, and Carolina's defense scored three times in a 34-27 win over the Baltimore Ravens on Thursday night .Drayton Florence took an interception 71 yards into the end zone, Thomas Davis scored on a 2-yard fumble return and D.J. Moore intercepted a pass by Tyrod Taylor and ran 31 yards for a touchdown.
2	 The Spirit of New York was making good time down the Hudson on a recent evening, approaching the southern tip of Manhattan, when the members of BWB emerged from below deck to a full-throated cheer. It was the first installment of the current Smooth Cruise season, and the applause kept going as BWB — a collaboration of the guitarist Norman Brown, the saxophonist Kirk Whalum and the trumpeter Rick Braun — played a snippet of  Milestones,  by Miles Davis, and then swerved into Michael Jackson's   Billie Jean.
4	  WASHINGTON — Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr . showed up late at an event last week, saying he was delayed because  the president keeps those meetings going longer.  But he walked into a Hillary Clinton crowd. Outside, supporters hoisted signs urging her to run for president. Inside, she was greeted as a hero.Not that Mr. Biden was an afterthought. He had plenty of friends in the room. But at the Kennedy Center, where women's achievements were being honored by an organization Mrs. Clinton helped found, even Mr.
3	 I WORKED for more than 30 years for the government as a psychiatrist with the Department of Veterans Affairs system. I flew all the time for meetings and other bureaucratic events. I now work in the private sector as a psychiatrist, and still fly for business about  twice a month.I don't like flying much. If I could take a train, that's what I would do.  I don't mind talking to seatmates, but I don't advertise what I do. I might say I'm a doctor, and if they ask me what kind, I'll usually answer  a pretty good one.
1	 In the first hint of how the Brain Initiative announced by President Obama in April could take shape, an advisory group on Monday recommended that the main target of research by the National Institutes of Health should be systems and circuits involving thousands to millions of brain cells — not the entire brain or individual cells and molecules. The National Institutes of Health working group was meant to focus specifically on how the federal agency should spend its $40 million brain initiative budget in. However, Dr.
2	 Two memorable new productions book-ended the year at the Metropolitan Opera : François Girard's painfully human  Parsifal,  set in a post-apocalyptic no-man's land, and Robert Carsen's zippy  Falstaff,  set in a 1950s England of Technicolor opulence. For a director approaching  Parsifal,  the challenge is to come up with ideas to populate the dramaturgical moonscape that are Wagner's interminable monologues in this five-hour-plus opera. Verdi's comedy  Falstaff,  by contrast, is teeming with action, and the task of the director — no less difficult — is one of traffic control.Mr.
0	  CHICAGO — Carlos Beltran had three hits and drove in a run, while reliever-turned-starter Joe Kelly (1-3) won his first game of the season as the St . Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 3-2 Friday at Wrigley Field.Beltran was a homer short of hitting for the cycle, with a run-scoring triple, double and single as the Cardinals bounced back from Thursday night's loss to the Cubs that snapped a five- game winning streak .Kelly allowed three hits and a run in 5 1-3 innings, striking out four and walking two.
1	 When a Western scrub jay dies, researchers report, other jays may hold a kind of funeral — screeching over the body for as long as half an hour .It is not clear yet exactly why the birds display this behavior.  Perhaps having more individuals helps them locate and chase away the predator,  said Teresa Iglesias, an evolutionary biologist at the University of California, Davis, and an author of a new study on the jays.  Larger groups of birds are better at chasing away predators from an area. Dr.
0	 FORT WAYNE, Ind. — Scott McCarron took the first-round lead Thursday in the Hotel Fitness Championship, the opening event in the new four-tournament Web .com Tour Finals series.The 48-year-old McCarron, a three-time winner on the PGA Tour, had eight birdies, an eagle and two bogeys for an 8-under 64 at Sycamore Hills. He's in the field on a special medical exemption after finishing 250th in the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup standings.The bulk of the field is made up of top 75 players from the Web .com Tour money list and Nos. 126-200 in the FedEx Cup standings.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Gov . Jerry Brown on Wednesday expanded access to abortion in California, signing a bill to allow nurse practitioners, midwives and physician assistants to perform a common type of the procedure, an aspiration abortion, during the first trimester. Oregon, Montana, Vermont and New Hampshire allow nurse practitioners to perform such abortions, which use a tube and suction, while several other states, including California, permit nonphysicians to provide drugs to terminate pregnancy.But the new California law goes further, allowing a wider range of nonphysician practitioners to perform surgical abortions.
0	  BRUSSELS — Belgium beat Serbia 2-1 in a hard-fought match to move three points clear at the top of World Cup qualifying Group A and guarantee at least a playoff place on Friday.The victory was secured with two headed goals, Kevin De Bruyne scoring from a Jan Vertonghen cross in the 13th minute and Marouane Fellaini from a De Bruyne corner on the hour mark .Serbia's Aleksandar Kolarov pulled a goal back with a direct free kick in the 88th minute to add a little tension to the end.
3	 With those choice words, and several more similar in tone, the chief executive of an American tire company touched off a furor in France on Wednesday as he responded to a government plea to take over a Goodyear factory slated for closing in northern France . I have visited the factory a couple of times,  Maurice Taylor Jr., the head of Titan International, wrote to the country's industry minister, Arnaud Montebourg, in a letter published in French newspapers on Wednesday. The French work force gets paid high wages but works only three hours.
3	  Stocks rose by the most in nearly two weeks on Tuesday after data showed business investment and the housing recovery continued apace, reassuring investors worried about the Federal Reserve's plans to reduce its huge monetary stimulus .Analysts said the gains were propelled by a mix of buyers : hedge funds as well as small and wealthy retail clients attracted by the market's recent drop. Position trimming by institutions because of recent volatility pulled the market back from its highs in the final minutes of trading.
4	  LOS ANGELES — For the Los Angeles Police Department, the allegations of departmental corruption and racism by a former police officer now accused of a revenge-fueled killing rampage are the words of a delusional man, detached from the reality of the huge improvements the force has undergone over the years. These are the rantings of a clearly very sick individual,  William J. Bratton, a former department commissioner, said Friday.  It would be a shame if he was able to rally to his cause people who remember the bad old days of the L.A.P.D.
3	  TOKYO (Reuters) — Cells in a second lithium-ion battery on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner forced to make an emergency landing in Japan last month showed slight swelling, a Japan Transport Safety Board official said on Tuesday.The jet, flown by All Nippon Airways, was forced to make the landing after its main battery failed.
3	 Boeing defended the safety of its 787 Dreamliner airplane on Wednesday after three incidents in three days, saying it had  extreme confidence  in the innovative design and technology used in the plane.The 787 has been in operation for 15 months, and Boeing has delivered 50 airplanes so far to eight airlines, including All Nippon Airways, Japan Airlines and United Airlines . Since then, a small number of 787s have had electrical fires, fuel leaks or other problems, prompting a safety advisory from federal regulators and a formal investigation into an electric fire this week.
0	 MILTON, Ga. — A referee's whistle halted play during a recent game at Milton High, a school situated among horse farms in an affluent area north of Atlanta . A foul had been called, leaving the culprit's coach mystified.Zach Hodskins, a senior guard, was hand-checking with both hands, the official explained. Hey,  Hodskins said,  I don't even have two hands. Born without a left hand and forearm, Hodskins was thought to have a better chance to become president of the United States, as a relative imagined when he was an infant, than to play basketball for a college powerhouse.
3	 ECONOMICS is sometimes associated with the study and defense of selfishness and material inequality, but it has an egalitarian and civil libertarian core that should be celebrated. And that core may guide us in some surprising directions. Economic analysis is itself value-free, but in practice it encourages a cosmopolitan interest in natural equality . Many economic models, of course, assume that all individuals are motivated by rational self-interest or some variant thereof; even the so-called behavioral theories tweak only the fringes of a basically common, rational understanding of people.
1	 The rich are different from you and me, F. Scott Fitzgerald once wrote. But according to a new study in The International Journal of Osteoarchaeology, children of the Medicis, one of history's wealthiest families, may have had rickets, a disease typically associated with the inferior diet and cramped living conditions of the poor. What's more, the family's wealth may have been to blame.A team of Italian researchers found evidence of the disease in the skeletons of nine 16th-century Medici children. Several of the skeletons had curved arm and leg bones — a telltale sign of walking or crawling on soft bones.
0	 (Reuters) - Celtic suffered a big setback before starting their Champions League campaign next week after defender Steven Mouyokolo was ruled out for six months with an Achilles problem on Friday.The Frenchman, who signed for the Scottish champions in July, ruptured his Achilles tendon in training and has travelled to his homeland for surgery. It was an innocuous thing,  Celtic manager Neil Lennon told reporters .  He was running for the ball and we heard this pop.
2	 Jim Jarmusch's  Down by Law  would have been attention-getting for its casting alone. The three misfits at the center of the story, who find themselves in a New Orleans jail, are played by John Lurie, Tom Waits and Roberto Benigni. But what makes this odd comedy really distinctive is the black-and-white cinematography by Robby Muller.  We are seeing a true filmmaker at work,  wrote Vincent Canby, reviewing the movie in The New York Times in,  using film to create a narrative that couldn't exist on the stage or the printed page of a novel.
4	  PHOENIX — A gunman opened fire at an office complex here on Wednesday, killing one man and injuring two others before speeding away, the police said. Three other people were hospitalized for stress brought on by the shooting.The gunman opened fire just outside the lobby of the office complex after a mediation session at a law firm in the building over a lawsuit he had filed against a call center based in Scottsdale, Ariz., the authorities said. The call center's chief executive, Steven Singer, 48, who was at the session, was killed.The shooting took place around:30 a.m.
3	  BEIJING — Chinese authorities have begun an investigation of the French drug maker Sanofi after a news report that accused the company of bribing hundreds of Chinese doctors in.The state-owned 21 st Century Business Herald in Guangzhou, citing an unidentified person, reported that the French company paid 503 doctors a total of,000 to prescribe Sanofi products, disguising the payments as grants for research programs.China's official Xinhua News Agency said on Saturday that the Beijing municipal health bureau was teaming up with disciplinary authorities to look into the research programs and determine whether the payments were actually bribes.
1	 SYDNEY — Airborne laser technology has uncovered a network of roadways and canals, illustrating a bustling ancient city linking Cambodia's famed Angkor Wat temple complex.The discovery was announced late Monday in a peer-reviewed paper released early by the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The laser scanning revealed a previously undocumented formally planned urban landscape integrating the,200-year-old temples.The Angkor temple complex, Cambodia's top tourist destination and one of Asia's most famous landmarks, was constructed in the 12th century during the mighty Khmer empire.
1	  PALO ALTO, Calif. — Driving around a college campus can be treacherous. Bikes and scooters zip out of nowhere, distracted students wander into traffic, and stopped cars and speed bumps suddenly appear. It takes a vigilant driver to avoid catastrophe.Jesse Levinson does not much worry about this when he drives his prototype Volkswagen Passat around the Stanford University campus here. A computer vision system he helped design keeps an unblinking eye out for pedestrians and cyclists, and automatically slows and stops the car when they enter his path.
4	  WASHINGTON — The March 2004 confrontation in the hospital room of Attorney General John Ashcroft — a dramatic point in the Bush administration's internal debate over warrantless surveillance — was apparently set off by a secret National Security Agency program that was vacuuming up   metadata   logs of Internet communications, according to a draft of a 2009 N.S.A. inspector general report obtained by the British newspaper The Guardian .The report, the latest document given to the paper by the former N.S.A. contractor Edward J.
3	 Three Middle Eastern airlines signed up on Sunday to buy 225 of Boeing's new 777X jets, helping to bring the initial batch of orders for the plane to $95 billion, a strong start for sales of the commercial jet.That total, based on list prices, includes 34 jets that Lufthansa had previously said it would order. The latest deals came on the first day of the Dubai Airshow, as airlines from the Gulf region announced more than $150 billion in orders for a variety of planes.
2	 I didn't think it would last more than a year. I'm not even sure Lorne Michaels did. We were going to get our licks in while we could.When he first offered me the job it was to be a writer. Not acting. I asked,  Can I act?  He said no. So I turned it down. It was now the summer, and I decided to try to do a play in California . Of all people, Paul Lynde was the star of the play. I was supposed to play a romantic, leading-man type.
0	 In response to players' complaints about prize money and the tournament schedule, United States Open officials announced a huge increase in the overall payout to players and will permanently give the men's players a Sunday final and a day of rest after the semifinals, starting in.The news came after a series of meetings between the United States Tennis Association, which runs the Open, and many of the top players, who for the past year have been pressuring the Grand Slam tournaments over prize money .
1	 Eleven scientists, most of them American, were scheduled to be named on Wednesday as the first winners of the world's richest academic prize for medicine and biology — $3 million each, more than twice the amount of the Nobel Prize .The award, the Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences, was established by four Internet titans led by Yuri Milner, a Russian entrepreneur and philanthropist who caused a stir last summer when he began giving physicists $3 million awards.The others, whom Mr.
4	  CHICAGO — When students filled the halls of King College Prep here on Wednesday, there was a sea of purple and red.Purple was the favorite color of Hadiya Pendleton, 15, a classmate and member of the school's majorette team, which had just returned from Washington after performing at an event celebrating the inauguration of President Obama .Red symbolized gun violence, because Ms. Pendleton was killed on Tuesday by a gunshot to her back while hanging out with friends in a park not far from Mr. Obama's family home.
2	  Light Up Gold  (What's Your Rupture?), the debut album by Parquet Courts, starts out jittery and never settles down.  I was walking through Ridgewood, Queens/I was flipping through magazines/I was so stoned and starving,  Andrew Savage rambles on  Stoned and Starving,  a dry-wit post-punk number that could almost pass for a novelty song. That careful balance is on display throughout this album, heavy with bubbling, bulbous guitars by way of Wire, the singing and songwriting mostly split between Austin Brown and Mr.
2	 There is already way too much happy talk on morning television. So it's a little worrisome that on the Monday premiere of CNN's revamped morning show,  New Day,  Chris Cuomo responded to a report on the Supreme Court by his co-anchor, Kate Bolduan, by saying:  My mom says my tie is not on straight.
4	  WASHINGTON — In June, when the Supreme Court stopped short of deciding whether the Constitution guaranteed a right to same-sex marriage, many thought the court had bought itself several years before it had to confront the question again.But the issue will soon return to the court, with officials in Utah saying that within the next few days they will ask the justices to block a trial judge's decision last week that allows same-sex couples to marry there. If the court thought it was going to get a few years,  said Michael C.
2	  TORONTO — John Ridley stepped onto the red carpet at the Toronto International Film Festival here with the future of a beloved movie genre — much of it, anyway — on his shoulders.Mr. Ridley had arrived for the premiere screening of  All Is by My Side,  a music biography, which he wrote and directed, about the young Jimi Hendrix .It is a small, indie film that had come to the festival in search of a distributor. So the long lines that wrapped around the block to get into the screening Saturday night were good news for Mr.
1	  VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. — NASA launched a satellite late Thursday on a mission to explore a little-studied region of the sun and to better forecast space weather that can disrupt communications systems on Earth.Unlike a traditional liftoff, the Iris satellite rode into Earth orbit on a Pegasus rocket dropped from an airplane that took off around sunset from the Vandenberg Air Force Base on California's central coast. About 100 miles off the coast and at an altitude of,000 feet, the airplane released the rocket, which ignited its engine for the 13-minute climb to space.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — Long before lawmakers prepared to gather at the sand-colored Capitol here on Tuesday for the opening day of the legislative session, State Representative Richard Peña Raymond had already filed a little-noticed bill to drastically change not only how they conduct business, but also how often. Texas is one of only four states whose legislatures convene in regular session every two years.
4	  WASHINGTON — If the Supreme Court strikes down or otherwise guts a centerpiece of the Voting Rights Act, there will be far less scrutiny of thousands of decisions each year about redrawing district lines, moving or closing polling places, changing voting hours or imposing voter identification requirements in areas that have a history of disenfranchising minority voters, voting law experts say.
3	 PARIS — Air travel disruptions intensified across Europe on Wednesday as a strike led by French air traffic controllers broadened in its second day to include smaller labor actions in other countries . Unions are protesting a plan by the European Union to accelerate the integration of air traffic management systems across the Continent.France's civil aviation authority asked airlines on Wednesday afternoon to reduce their flight schedules by as much as 75 percent — more than the 50 percent cancellations it had requested previously.The authority said six unions representing nearly all of the country's controllers had joined in the work stoppages.
4	  WASHINGTON — The federal government pays millions of dollars in farm subsidies each year to farmers who have died, because the Agriculture Department lacks the proper controls to make sure the money it sends is going to the right people, a government audit has found. The Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, said the problem involved several agencies within the department.The Natural Resources Conservation Service, which oversees the Agriculture Department's conservation programs, sent out.6 million in payments between 2008 and 2012 to more than,000 people who had been dead for more than a year, according to the report.
2	 Canals don't run by Lincoln Center, and you would be hard-pressed to find a beach near Broadway, but the New York Philharmonic has notions to do for classical music what the Venice Biennale and Art Basel Miami Beach have done for art.The orchestra is calling it the NY Phil Biennial.Disclosed on Wednesday as part of the orchestra's announcement of its 2013-14 programming, the biennial will be a 10-day festival (every two years, as the name implies) that Philharmonic officials describe as a  veritable playground of new and recent music from around the world.
2	 In their 29th year, the Bessies, known formally as the New York Dance and Performance Awards, remain a work in progress.Two years ago, the ceremony moved uptown to the Apollo Theater. The geographic shift also signaled a conceptual one for the awards: away from their resolutely downtown, experimental roots and toward a broader vision (greeted happily by some, skeptically by others) that, in honoring the field of dance, tries to reach every corner of it.During Monday night's ceremony, that democratic spirit flourished. Five outstanding performer awards were given to dancers representing a range of genres from a pool of 12 nominees.
0	  DETROIT — The Detroit Pistons have made another move in their busy offseason, acquiring Brandon Jennings as they desperately try to end their four-year postseason drought. Detroit landed the point guard from the Milwaukee Bucks for point guard Brandon Knight and two prospects, according to a person familiar with the deal.The person, who spoke Tuesday on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press because the trade hasn't been announced, said Jennings has agreed to a $24 million, three-year contract with the Pistons .
2	  Years ago Atlanta took control of hip-hop's center, both geographically and sonically. But as the hub of the genre, it's been a steadily moving target, far more volatile than New York or Los Angeles ever were in their heyday. Trap music, snap music, strip club anthems: Atlanta can be almost anything it sets its mind to.Sometimes the city surprises itself.
4	  WASHINGTON — As Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr. was struggling with how to cast the decisive vote in a 1986 Supreme Court case that would end up devastating the gay rights movement, he told his fellow justices that he had never met a homosexual.In truth, one of his four law clerks that term was gay .The atmosphere at the court today is far different from, with a pace of change that may have surpassed that in the rest of society. Openly gay law clerks are now common in the chambers of both liberal and conservative justices.
4	  WASHINGTON — In early September, an e-mail passed through an Internet address in Peshawar, Pakistan, that was being monitored by the vast computers controlled by American intelligence analysts. It set off alarms. The address, linked to senior Qaeda operatives, had been dormant for months. Investigators worked their way backward and traced the e-mail to an address in Aurora, Colo., outside Denver . It took them to Najibullah Zazi, a 24-year-old former coffee cart operator, who was asking a Qaeda facilitator about how to mix ingredients for a flour-based explosive, according to law enforcement officials .
4	  WASHINGTON — James B. Comey, President Obama's nominee for F.B.I. director, said on Tuesday that he no longer believed it was legal to waterboard detainees under United States law. His statements contrasted with the position he took in 2005 when, as President George W . Bush's deputy attorney general, he oversaw the government's legal opinions .At his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday, Mr. Comey said that the government's statute on the issue at the time was vague, complicating the ability of government lawyers to determine its legality.
2	 Every year since, the hip-hop magazine XXL has anointed a group of up-and-coming rappers as part of its Freshman Class, giving over a month's cover to a gaggle of relatively little-known faces. But as the Internet has become more vital in building hip-hop careers, these lists aren't gambles so much as aggregates of established online wisdom.So XXL Freshmen Live, at the Best Buy Theater, isn't really the rookie show it purports to be. It's more like an all-star retrospective, featuring rap's Internet champions of recent years.
3	 AMERICANS spend far more on health care than people in other countries and we have little to show for it. And as we live longer after retirement, the share that will be paid by the government will rise.Unfortunately, no single change will transform our health care delivery system into one that we can afford. We are going to have to try lots of new approaches that depart from standard practices.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — Washington goalie Braden Holtby made a statement Saturday that the Rangers have taken as a rallying point as they look to overcome a 2-0 deficit in their first-round playoff series. It wasn't a very hard game for me,  Holtby said after turning back 24 shots in a 1-0 overtime victory Saturday.  It wasn't a very straining game for a goalie. It probably didn't even reach double digits in scoring chances . I felt comfortable out there. Bulletin board material aside, the Rangers took what Holtby said for what it was: the unfortunate truth.
3	 Teenagers and college students can spend only so much time cooped up with their families on a holiday like Thanksgiving.This year, some retailers are betting that this target spending group dashes out the door after dinner, perhaps dodging dishwashing or other duties, and in all likelihood ditching their parents.Teagan Marshall, 20, of New York City, said shopping on Thanksgiving definitely had appeal. As she stood in a Forever 21 in Manhattan, she added,  That seems like a good way to celebrate to me. Happy to oblige, some major department stores like Macy's and J. C.
1	 In their bones, physicists feel it is the long-lost Higgs boson, but in science, feelings take second place to data. So these same physicists admit that it will take more work and analysis before they will have the cold numbers that clinch the case that the new particle announced on July 4 last year is in fact the exact boson first predicted by Peter Higgs and others in 1964 to be the arbiter of mass and cosmic diversity.
0	 (Reuters) - All-Star second baseman Dustin Pedroia signed an eight-year contract extension with the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday, all but ensuring he will fulfill a dream of spending his entire career with the Major League Baseball team.Though financial details were not disclosed, the deal is estimated to be worth $110 million, beginning in 2014 and continuing through the 2021 season.A four-time All-Star who won a World Series with Boston in, the 29-year-old Pedroia is hitting.306 this season with 25 doubles, six home runs and 58 RBIs in 101 games.
2	 Much of what you need to know about Geri Allen can be found in the second track of her most recent album,  Grand River Crossings  (Motéma, which bears the subtitle  Motown & Motor City Inspirations.  The track is a solo piano version of Smokey Robinson's  Tears of a Clown,  refurbished with modern-jazz harmony but otherwise faithful to the structure of the tune. Ms. Allen's fondness for the material shines through her erudition; she isn't dabbling, showing off, or using the song merely as a springboard. Her elaborations feel grounded in earthly realities and respect.
3	 PARIS — On a recent day in the shadow of the Arc de Triomphe, a line of 20 people spilled onto the sidewalk of a trendy new boutique, eager to get a taste of its latest gourmet offerings.A sign in the window promoted piña colada as the store's flavor of the month. A woman wearing a Chanel jacket said she wanted to try peach.But this was no temple of gastronomy.
0	  JERSEY CITY, New Jersey — Happily, life soon returned to the mundane for Jason Dufner following his PGA Championship triumph 10 days ago at Oak Hill Country Club in Rochester, New York. As far as me personally, nothing's changed,  Dufner told reporters at Liberty National on the eve of Thursday's first round of The Barclays, the opening event of the FedExCup playoffs.
1	 For about three hours on Wednesday, Voyager 1 had left the solar system — before a rewritten news release headline pulled it back in.Voyager, one of two spacecraft NASA launched in 1977 on a grand tour of the outer planets, is now nearly.5 billion miles from the Sun, speeding away at,000 miles per hour . In a paper accepted by the journal Geophysical Review Letters, William R. Webber of New Mexico State University and Frank B. McDonald of the University of Maryland reported that on Aug.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve's campaign to encourage economic growth was bolstered on Thursday as Janet L. Yellen moved to the verge of confirmation as the next head of the Fed, and a change in Senate procedures made it easier for the White House to fill three other vacancies on the Fed's board . The Senate Banking Committee sent Ms. Yellen's nomination to the full Senate on Thursday morning by a vote of.
2	   Jersey Shore   ended in December, retiring after six seasons as one of television's signature reality shows . And while it was a demolition derby of inebriation, spray-tanning and hard house music, it was also, at least in part, ethnography. Never before had the rituals, quirks and peccadilloes of young Italians, or Italianates, been given such a bullhorn.  Jersey Shore   was doing what reality TV had previously done only sporadically: shine a light on a genuine, region-specific American subculture. What years of strong ratings revealed, however, was that subculture was exportable.
3	 FRANKFURT — The euro zone, suffering from years of stagnation or worse, reached another milestone in its stumbling recovery on Friday when the official unemployment rate fell for the first time since. But a separate report showing a slight rise in inflation was not enough to quell fears that the 17 nations that rely on the euro as their common currency were at risk of being sucked into a potentially ruinous downward price spiral. Unemployment in the 17 European Union members that use the euro dropped to.1 percent in October, from the.
2	  LOS ANGELES — On Friday, Joseph Gordon-Levitt enters the ranks of first-time feature directors with  Don Jon,  an edgy romantic comedy he stars in and also wrote. But in a way, it's the culmination of a directing education that stretches back to his appearance in Robert Redford's 1992 big-screen adaptation of the fly-fishing-brothers-in- Montana tale,  A River Runs Through It.  The cinematographer came up to me and said, 'You have to hit your mark exactly,'   Mr.
0	 Stanislas Wawrinka and Richard Gasquet are first-time United States Open semifinalists this year. Both are in their late 20s; both have glorious one-handed backhands that have been making tennis aesthetes go weak in the knees for years.But in the expectation game that is professional tennis, Wawrinka has had it easier.True, Wawrinka won the French Open junior title and looked like quite a prospect, but he was Swiss, and that meant the eyeballs and the pressure would always be on Roger Federer . Wawrinka, to put it colloquially, was gravy. Gasquet was in a tighter spot.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a sign of the left's new aggressiveness, a coalition of liberals is trying to marginalize a centrist Democratic policy group that was responsible for a Wall Street Journal op-ed article this week that said economic populism was  disastrous  for the party .The coalition, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, and three other liberal advocacy organizations have urged their members to contact a group of congressional Democrats who are honorary leaders of the centrist group, Third Way.
4	  WASHINGTON — The flaws in the American election system are deep and widespread, extending beyond isolated voting issues in a few locations and flaring up in states rich and poor, according to a major new study from the Pew Charitable Trusts .The group ranked all 50 states based on more than 15 criteria, including wait times, lost votes and problems with absentee and provisional ballots, and the order often confounds the conventional wisdom .In, for instance, Mississippi ranked last over all. But it was preceded by two surprises: New York and California .
0	 LONDON — Sabine Lisicki is allergic to Wimbledon, sort of.Not the town in southwest London, and not the All England Club . But she does have hay fever, making her hypersensitive to the very grass for which the tournament is so famous.That affliction, of course, won't stop her from playing in the Wimbledon final Saturday, when either she or Marion Bartoli will end up with a first Grand Slam title . I learned how to cope with that,  Lisicki said Friday.
2	 LONDON — Matthew Bourne, the British choreographer, achieved worldwide fame when he put a corps de ballet of male, sexually alluring swans onstage in his 1995 reworking of   Swan Lake,  a brilliant expression of his ability to use physical imagery in the service of theater, and a rereading of the famous classical work that gripped audiences everywhere.   Swan Lake   followed Mr. Bourne's witty 1992 reimagining of  The Nutcracker; later, he went on to rework other ballet classics, among them  Cinderella  and  La Sylphide.
1	 It was a momentous week for asteroids — one that struck Earth, and one that didn't.On Friday morning, people of the Russian city of Chelyabinsk looked up to see a bright object streak across the sky. About a minute later, they were buffeted by a thunderous shock wave that shattered windows and caused hundreds of injuries.Scientists used recordings of ultra-low -frequency sound waves to estimate that the asteroid that entered the atmosphere at,000 miles per hour was 55 feet wide, weighed,000 tons, and released energy 30 times that of the atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima .
4	  WASHINGTON — A federal judge cleared the way on Tuesday for consumers to challenge President Obama's health care law on the grounds that the federal government cannot legally provide subsidies to people who buy insurance through the exchange run by it.The judge, Paul L. Friedman, of Federal District Court here, said that four individuals could pursue their lawsuit challenging the Obama administration's interpretation of a provision of the law that defines who is eligible for subsidies .
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — Rory McIlroy, who recently moved to South Florida from Northern Ireland, has become an avid Miami Heat fan. Like most of his neighbors, he admires LeBron James, who happens to be a friend; he respects Dwyane Wade ; and he wonders half the time what Chris Bosh is thinking. Well, in Game 1 it was a power twosome because Bosh wasn't doing much,  said McIlroy, who said he planned to follow the N.B.A. finals this week in his down time at Merion Golf Club .
2	  LOS ANGELES — For decades, the TV viewing experience was much the same. Tune into your favorite show, week by patient week, all on the network's schedule. Feedback was restricted to faceless Nielsen ratings and perhaps a plaintive letter or phone call to executives complaining about a favorite show's cast change or cancellation.No more. In a connected world of DVDs, DVRs, video on demand and, more recently, Web streaming, the calculus of control has shifted.
2	 For serious ballet fans, there is no other place to be this week than the Metropolitan Opera House, where American Ballet Theater enters the third week of its spring season with its final performance of Alexei Ratmansky's  Shostakovich Trilogy,  on Monday. The first section,  Symphony No. 9,  had its premiere during the company's fall season last year, but the remaining two parts (  Chamber Symphony  and  Piano Concerto No. 1 ) are brand new.On Tuesday comes ballet in quite another register.
4	  WASHINGTON — A federal court on Friday ruled that the health care law 's mandate that employers provide free coverage for contraception infringed on individual religious liberty .The case, Gilardi v. the Department of Health and Human Services, was the latest setback for the Obama administration as it struggles to fix the crippled insurance enrollment website, HealthCare. gov . However, the fight over the mandate long preceded the law's enactment and will most likely go to the Supreme Court .
0	 LEXINGTON, Ky. — DeNesha Stallworth scored 15 second-half points and Jennifer O'Neill hit a critical jumper with.8 seconds left, rallying No. 7 Kentucky from a 14-point deficit to beat No. 4 Louisville 69-64 on Sunday. Kentucky (8-0) also erased a big lead last year in a 48-47 win in Louisville . This time, the Wildcats were down 36-27 at halftime but went up 51-45 with:42 left behind Stallworth, O'Neill and Bernisha Pinkett, who sank two 3-pointers in the run. Louisville (7-1) bounced back to tie the game three times and trailed just 64-62 with:14 to go.
3	 The planned merger between American Airlines and US Airways will reduce competition in a far larger number of airports than earlier airline mergers, including the one that created the nation's current leader, United-Continental, according to a report released Wednesday by the Government Accountability Office .The report found that,665 routes between cities would lose one competitor as a result of the merger, affecting more than 53 million passengers. A new competitor would be created in 210 routes, affecting.5 million passengers. The report added, however, that the great majority of those markets still had  effective competitors .
0	  CHICAGO — Ken Harrelson was sitting in the television booth at U.S. Cellular Field last week before the Chicago White Sox hosted the Kansas City Royals when he broke into the story of how he would like to die. Harrelson, who goes by the nickname the Hawk, said he would be calling a White Sox game against the Yankees and Chicago first baseman Paul Konerko would step to the plate against C. C. Sabathia . Here's the pitch,  Harrelson, 71, said, his voice rising.  That ball hit deep, way back.
0	 (Reuters) - United States captain Fred Couples says he is excited by how his Presidents Cup team is shaping up, with Phil Mickelson's brilliant victory at last week's British Open the highlight among several recent eye-catching displays. Mickelson clinched his fifth major title by three shots, closing with a stunning five-under-par 66 at Muirfield, while compatriots Hunter Mahan (joint ninth) and Brandt Snedeker (tied for 11th) also fared well after contending for much of the week.
2	  There's nothing that I will not try,   Janelle Monáe  said by phone from a car traversing Maryland . The album she is releasing on Tuesday,  The Electric Lady  ( Bad Boy, bears her out. Its 19 tracks hint at Stevie Wonder and spy - movie soundtracks, Jimi Hendrix and hip-hop, reggae and gospel. It has guest appearances by Prince, Erykah Badu and Esperanza Spalding. Her goal, Ms. Monáe said, was  showing and showcasing how incredible R&B music can be.
1	 NASA, in preparation for a spacewalk on Saturday, has devised makeshift snorkels that would allow an astronaut in a spacesuit to continue breathing even if a sudden water leak should fill the helmet, as happened to an Italian astronaut who almost drowned in July.Two astronauts, Col. Michael S. Hopkins of the Air Force and Richard A. Mastracchio, are to step out of an air lock on the International Space Station at:10 a.m. Eastern time in the first of at least two spacewalks aimed at replacing a malfunctioning pump module that is part of the space station's cooling system.
4	  WASHINGTON — A bipartisan tax -and- spending plan designed to bring some normalcy to Congress's budgeting after three years of chaos cleared its final hurdle on Tuesday when 67 senators voted to end debate on the measure and bring it to a final vote before it goes to President Obama for his signature.The 67-33 vote easily surpassed the 60-vote threshold to break a filibuster and made way for final passage with a simple, 51-vote majority, likely on Wednesday. Republican support was surprisingly strong after days of uncertainty fueled by political posturing and Tea Party opposition .
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Two space station astronauts took care of a little outside maintenance Monday.Russian flight engineers Fyodor Yurchikhin and Alexander Misurkin replaced a main valve on the International Space Station and prepared for the arrival of a new lab later this year. To save the time, I'm embroidering,  one of the spacewalkers said in Russian, holding a clump of cord as he worked.  It's not easy to handle all these ropes.  Later, he added,  OK, now we're doing beadwork.
4	 In the 2008 presidential primary campaign, Mitch Stewart devoted himself to defeating Hillary Rodham Clinton, overcoming the advantages of a well-funded Democratic front-runner through grass-roots organizing, and propelling Barack Obama to victory.On Tuesday, Mr. Stewart and a dozen or so other political operatives and 170 donors will gather in New York to plot how to help Mrs. Clinton win in. The meeting is the first national finance council strategy meeting of Ready for Hillary, a   super PAC   devoted to building a network to support Mrs. Clinton's potential presidential ambitions .
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits declined less than expected last week, but a backlog of applications in California made it difficult to get an accurate reading of labor market conditions .While other data on Thursday showed manufacturing growing at its slowest pace in a year in early October, economists said the factory sector remained fairly healthy. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell,000 to a seasonally adjusted,000, the Department of Labor said.
4	  WASHINGTON – The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear almost two hours of arguments on Wednesday morning over the constitutionality of a part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act of. Here is a look at the background of the case, United States v. Windsor, No. 12-307; the issues it raises; the lawyers who will argue it; and the possible outcomes.What is at stake? The case concerns the part of the law that defines marriage as the union of a man and a woman for purposes of federal benefits .
3	  WASHINGTON — Consumer prices barely rose in August, but rising rents and medical costs pointed to some stability in underlying inflation that could make the Federal Reserve more comfortable about trimming its bond purchases .A Labor Department report on Tuesday showed inflation largely under control, and some details suggested that a downward drift in prices earlier in the year had probably run its course. This should give policy makers greater confidence that the inflation soft patch in the first half was indeed transitory,  said Joseph LaVorgna, chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities .
1	 The vagaries of human memory are notorious. A friend insists you were at your 15th class reunion when you know it was your 10th. You distinctly remember that another friend was at your wedding, until she reminds you that you didn't invite her. Or, more seriously, an eyewitness misidentifies the perpetrator of a terrible crime .Not only are false, or mistaken, memories common in normal life, but researchers have found it relatively easy to generate false memories of words and images in human subjects. But exactly what goes on in the brain when mistaken memories are formed has remained mysterious.
3	 After being grounded by battery problems since mid-January, Boeing's 787 Dreamliner returned to service in the United States on Monday with a nearly full flight of passengers from Houston to Chicago .With the flight, United Airlines became at least the fourth of eight airlines using the planes to return them to the air. It is the only American carrier flying the high-tech jets so far.LAN Airlines of Chile said last week that it was about to start flying the 787 again. Three other airlines plan to return the planes to service in the first week of June.
1	 A Case of Cicadaphobia: For some the coming of the 17-year cicada is less a marvel of science, more a nightmare scenario.In, when the cicadas of Brood X crawled out of the ground in and around Washington, Lori Milani, then a full-time student, would not set foot outside her apartment. Terrified of insects, she shut her windows tight, sometimes with the blinds drawn, for five weeks. She stocked up on food, canceled her summer classes and had friends run essential errands for her. It was truly horrible. I know that they are harmless, but they're disgusting,  said Ms.
0	  FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The Jets do not have a general manager, an offensive coordinator, a quarterbacks coach, a starting quarterback or, officially, a defensive coordinator . But they do have a coach, Rex Ryan, who on Tuesday engaged in what has become an annual tradition for him: admitting his mistakes.These are not mere trifles, either. Last year, after the Jets' season ended in dysfunction and despair, Ryan said that he had lost the pulse of the locker room .
2	 Bob Guccione liked to brag that he knew women. But he also knew men. Men like to look,  he said.  I think if you took that away from them, they wouldn't enjoy participating as much. So in 1965 — armed with a loan for,170, an obsolete mailing list and a desire to outstrip Hugh Hefner's Playboy — Mr. Guccione, then living in London, sent promotional brochures with images of naked women to dockworkers, vicars, schoolgirls and members of Parliament . The furor resulted in a $264 fine for mailing indecent materials.
2	 The director Steven Soderbergh and just about everyone associated with  Behind the Candelabra,  the new biographical film about Liberace, emphasized from the start that the movie was going to be about a love affair. A strange love affair, for sure — more a sordid co-dependency between Scott Thorson, a rootless young man, and Mr. Entertainment himself, Liberace, who was 40 years older.The much-awaited film, starring Michael Douglas as Liberace and Matt Damon as Mr. Thorson, was shown on HBO on Sunday night (and continues its run on that channel and through HBO Go and HBO on Demand .
1	 Finding and recognizing objects by touch in your pocket, in the dark or among items on a cluttered table top are distinctly human skills — ones that have been far beyond the ability of even the most dexterous robotic arms.Rodney Brooks, a well-known roboticist, likes to demonstrate the difficulty of the challenge for modern robots by reaching into his pocket to find a particular coin.Now a group of roboticists in the Department of Biomedical Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, led by one of Dr.
3	 A Federal District Court judge in Manhattan ruled on Tuesday that Fox Searchlight Pictures had violated federal and New York minimum wage laws by not paying production interns, a case that could upend the long-held practice of the film industry and other businesses that rely heavily on unpaid internships.In the decision, Judge William H. Pauley III ruled that Fox Searchlight should have paid two interns on the movie   Black Swan,  because they were essentially regular employees. The judge noted that these internships did not foster an educational environment and that the studio received the benefits of the work.
1	 The golden lion tamarin, a one-pound primate that lives in Brazil, is a stunningly monogamous creature. A male will typically pair with a female and they will stay close for the rest of their lives, mating only with each other and then working together to care for their young.To biologists, this deeply monogamous way of life — found in 9 percent of mammal species — is puzzling. A seemingly better evolutionary strategy for male mammals would be to spend their time looking for other females with which to mate.
4	  BOSTON — It was a blow the immigrant boxer could not withstand: after capturing his second consecutive title as the Golden Gloves heavyweight champion of New England in, Tamerlan Anzorovich Tsarnaev, 23, was barred from the national Tournament of Champions because he was not a United States citizen.The cocksure fighter, a flamboyant dresser partial to white fur and snakeskin, had been looking forward to redeeming the loss he suffered the previous year in the first round, when the judges awarded his opponent the decision, drawing boos from spectators who considered Mr. Tsarnaev dominant.
0	 Giants' Losing Streak, by the Numbers: The Giants have lost their first six games, the team's worst start to a season since 1976 (and other unflattering facts about a team that won the Super Bowl two seasons ago .New York City is home to a noisy gaggle of professional sports teams shouting for attention.The bombast may be intended to overshadow inept results: the corporate-led Knicks have endured 40 years without a championship, the dysfunctional Mets have scuffled through decades of losing, and the erratic Jets, forever reorganizing, last won a Super Bowl in.
4	  ATLANTA — A Tennessee National Guard recruiter wounded two of his superiors on Thursday when he opened fire with a handgun at a military facility near Memphis, the authorities said.Other employees at the Paul R. Summers Armory in Millington, Tenn., immediately overpowered the assailant, probably preventing more bloodshed, the police said. I'm sure there could have been more injured if they hadn't taken him into custody,  said Chief Rita Stanback of the Millington Police .The authorities did not release the identities of the gunman, a sergeant first class, or the victims. But Maj. Gen. Terry M.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union plans to propose rules this month aimed at creating its first broad protection of trade secrets and setting penalties for those who try to profit from them illegally.The theft of trade secrets has long frustrated companies doing business in Europe. The lack of tough trade secret protections has resulted in any number of Asian-made knockoffs being sold in Europe, and the original producers often have little legal recourse. One instance occurred when a South Korean company copied Kevlar vests from DuPont.
4	  BOSTON — After 36 days and the testimony of 72 witnesses, the lawyers in the criminal trial of James (Whitey) Bulger made closing arguments to the jury on Monday, with the defense not contesting that Mr. Bulger was a gangland criminal of the first order.The jurors are to begin their deliberations on Tuesday morning . Mr. Bulger faces a sweeping 32- count indictment as the overlord of Boston's underworld in the 1970s and '80s, including charges that he participated in 19 murders.The prosecution cast Mr.
3	 Saks reported a larger-than-expected second-quarter loss on Monday after disappointing sales of shoes and handbags forced it to reduce prices.Saks, the luxury retailer that agreed last month to be acquired by Hudson's Bay Company of Canada for.4 billion, reported that sales at stores open at least a year rose.5 percent, well below the.5 percent increase Wall Street analysts had predicted.Stephen I. Sadove, chief executive of Saks, acknowledged in a statement that  our sales growth was modestly below our expectations. Saks is the latest retailer across the price spectrum to report mediocre sales.
0	  BOSTON — Tuukka Rask made 33 saves for his fourth shutout of the season, and Reilly Smith scored two goals to lifting the Boston Bruins to a 5-0 rout of the Ottawa Senators on Friday night .The Bruins are 13-0-2 in their last 15 home games and have won eight straight in Boston . They haven't lost there in regulation since Oct. 26.Rask (20-8-2) has allowed one goal or fewer in 15 of his 30 starts this season . After earning only 19 wins last season, he is now the third goalie with 20 NHL wins this season.
2	 ROXBURY, Vt. —  Look up at those leaves and then frame them with your fingers,  Ed Pincus said, facing an enormous maple tree covered in orange and red. He arranged his unsteady hands — he had Parkinson's since 2009 — so that he could view the leaves' Technicolor contrast against blue sky .  Now, when you remove the frame, don't they look different from before? Capturing life through a viewfinder to see it more clearly, even brilliantly, was what Mr.
3	 Two months after recovering the last of its losses from the financial crisis, the Dow Jones industrial average continued moving higher on Tuesday, closing above,000 for the first time.Good economic reports, strong corporate earnings and fresh support from central banks have apparently eased investors' concerns about another economic slowdown . Many had been on the lookout for signs of a spring swoon in the markets, as happened in each of the last three years.Instead, the Dow has climbed almost 15 percent since Jan. 1, with other market indexes also showing strong gains.
3	 PARIS — Air France informed union representatives Wednesday that it planned to eliminate an additional,800 jobs, or 5 percent of its work force, by the end of next year, as the carrier scrambles to return to profitability . We are in a period of weak demand,  Frédéric Gagey, the airline's chief executive, said after a three-hour meeting with Air France employee councils.  We are facing the full brunt of the cyclicality of air transport . Like many companies in Europe, Air France continues to struggle in the face of a weak economy and rising unemployment .
0	  PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia Phillies and Chicago White Sox are going in different directions as they head into their final series before the All-Star break .The Phillies, recently thought to be trade-deadline sellers like the White Sox, have played perhaps their best baseball of the season the past last two weeks. Philadelphia has won seven of 10 and now might be a buyer before the deadline. Chicago (36-53) is in the cellar of the A.L. Central and will likely be a target for contending teams looking to add players for a late-season stretch drive.
3	  DETROIT — There is a section of Detroit's east side that sums up the city's decline, a grim landscape of boarded-up stores, abandoned homes and empty lots that stretch all the way to the river.And in the middle of it stands one of the most modern and successful auto plants in the world.More than,600 workers staff Chrysler's sprawling Jefferson North factory nearly around the clock, making one of the most profitable vehicles on the market, the Jeep Grand Cherokee .
4	  WASHINGTON — House leaders on Tuesday said they were working with their Senate counterparts toward a new five-year farm bill, just days after the House pushed through a bill that would slash billions of dollars from the food stamp program .But with only a few days left before the current farm bill expires at the end of the fiscal year, and with a fight over the debt ceiling looming, few lawmakers see any chance of getting a new farm bill done.
4	  HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. — For generations, California's beaches have been an international symbol of free living and youthful exuberance, where Gidget met Moondoggie and the Beach Boys had fun, fun, fun.But these days, a blizzard of restrictions — on everything from dogs to playing horseshoes — is being imposed on beach activities up and down the coast, turning beaches into sanitized zones that longtime beachgoers say barely resemble the freewheeling places they once knew.Smoking is banned at many beaches across the state . On San Diego beaches, playing ball or tossing a Frisbee has been outlawed.
0	 Since it was published in,  The Game,  Ken Dryden's memoir and extended meditation on goaltending, hockey, family and life with the dynastic Montreal Canadiens, has justly earned a reputation as the best book written about the sport, and perhaps any sport, in the English language . That high opinion has been expressed often over the years, by sources as diverse as Mordecai Richler, Sports Illustrated, Alan Thicke, the CBC and Bill Simmons.
3	 Riding a surge in demand for new fuel-efficient planes, Boeing said on Thursday that it would increase production of its top-selling 737 jets to 47 a month by, from 38 now.Boeing, based in Chicago, previously announced it would increase production of the single-aisle jets to 42 a month next year. The additional increase by 2017 will come as a new version of the plane, the 737 MAX, enters regular production, and will represent an increase of nearly 50 percent in monthly production since.Airbus, Boeing's rival, now builds 42 of its competing A320 planes each month.
4	  Energy Secretary Steven Chu will step down soon, possibly by the end of the month, he said in a statement on Friday, ending a four-year tenure in which he concentrated on fostering research and development of clean energy technologies, and opponents pilloried him over stimulus loans that went bad.His departure will add to a constellation of vacancies at the top of related agencies: the Environmental Protection Agency, the Transportation Department and the Interior Department . President Obama said in a statement that Dr.
1	  WASHINGTON — Why are so many American families trapped in poverty ? Of all the explanations offered by Washington's politicians and economists, one seems particularly obvious in the low-income neighborhoods near the Capitol: because there are so many parents like Carl Harris and Charlene Hamilton.For most of their daughters' childhood, Mr. Harris didn't come close to making the minimum wage .
3	 Eurostar train tickets between London and Paris are notoriously costly — too costly, European regulators declared Thursday.The European Commission warned Britain and France, which together regulate the company that operates the tunnel through the English Channel, to curb the high fees assessed on the Eurostar passenger trains and freight haulers.The two countries must  comply with European Union rules against excessive track access charges for passenger and freight trains in the channel tunnel,  the commission, the bloc's administrative arm, said in a statement.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch volunteer who fatally shot Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager, igniting a national debate on racial profiling and civil rights, was found not guilty late Saturday night of second-degree murder . He was also acquitted of manslaughter, a lesser charge.After three weeks of testimony, the six-woman jury rejected the prosecution's contention that Mr. Zimmerman had deliberately pursued Mr. Martin because he assumed the hoodie-clad teenager was a criminal and instigated the fight that led to his death.Mr. Zimmerman said he shot Mr. Martin on Feb.
2	  Who wants that perfect love story, anyway?  Beyoncé sings on  Part II (On the Run,  a track on her husband's new album. He, of course, is Shawn Carter, a k a Jay Z, and the album is   Magna Carta ... Holy Grail .  In case her reservations about storybook romance weren't clear, she adds a disdainfully silky refrain:  Clich, clich, clich, clich. O.K., fine: Pop's First Couple was always more like a summer blockbuster, the conjoining of an immovable object and an irresistible force.
2	  You're from Philadelphia,  she went on, supplying more back story as she collected an iced coffee at a cafe on the main drag here. The fiction was necessary because Ms. Plaza, a   Parks and Recreation   star, was working nearby, on a movie with a closed set (or at least, closed to reporters. It was the second-to-last day of production, and Ms. Plaza was feeling a little loopy. We're playing hooky,  she said as she strolled around unrecognized with her cast mate Max Greenfield (Schmidt on the Fox series  New Girl.
4	  HOUSTON — The Army psychiatrist accused of killing 13 people in a shooting rampage at Fort Hood, Tex., in 2009 will represent himself when his trial begins next month, the latest twist in a long-delayed case that is likely to raise numerous legal questions and could provide him with a stage to promote his radical Islamic beliefs, experts in military law said.At a pretrial hearing at Fort Hood on Monday, the judge overseeing the court-martial of the psychiatrist, Maj.
0	 PARIS — Former France coach Laurent Blanc said on Sunday he was very close to being named the new boss of French champions Paris St Germain . Media had reported that the 47-year-old Blanc, who won the French title with Girondins Bordeaux in, had already struck a deal with the Ligue 1 club.PSG have been looking for a new coach since Carlo Ancelotti said he wanted to leave after leading them to their first domestic crown since 1994 in May.
3	 Nordstrom, the conservative, upscale Seattle -based retailer, is going after a younger, hipper customer with a new, quirky regional online brand campaign.The retailer — which traditionally has handled the creative work for its advertising in-house — has hired Mekanism to develop the new campaign, aimed at promoting the concept of  Youphoria.  This includes videos featuring young adults involved in activities like chopping wood or riding a motorcycle while fashionably dressed.The campaign is the latest effort by Nordstrom to attract young shoppers .
0	 Bill Parcells unofficially spoke for everyone in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, and all the people gathered to see him and six others inducted Saturday night in Canton, Ohio . There's a kinship created that lasts for the rest of your life,  he said about his experience as one of the N.F.L.'s most successful coaches.Parcells became the first coach in seven years to be enshrined. The only coach to take four franchises to the playoffs, Parcells won two Super Bowls with the Giants .
4	  The Mormon Church has declared its support for the Boy Scouts of America 's proposal to end a longstanding ban on openly gay youths, while continuing to bar gay adult leaders .The endorsement on Thursday by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the country's largest sponsor of scout troops, is a strong indication that the proposed change will be adopted by delegates to the group's annual meeting, to start in Texas on May.The ban on gay youths and leaders has come under growing public scrutiny, with some cities and charities saying they cannot support an organization that discriminates.
3	 IF you think of beef jerky as a last-resort protein to be bought at a gas station, Jon Sebastiani wants to change your mind.Mr. Sebastiani, 42, represents the fourth generation of a Sonoma Valley wine family, and he vividly remembers when  60 Minutes  ran a segment in 1991 called  The French Paradox.  In it, Morley Safer reported that consumption of wine actually reduced the chance of heart disease, then a radical assertion. At the time, wine was considered just alcohol — it was bad for you,  Mr. Sebastiani says.
1	 Back on the Prowl: Mountain lion, puma, cougar, catamount, painter, panther — no matter what you call it, the big cat is making a comeback .The great migration began perhaps 40 years ago . From strongholds in the Rocky Mountains and Texas, young males headed east, seeking female companionship and new places to settle.The emigrants were about seven feet long, nose to tail, and weighed up to 160 pounds. Given a dietary choice, they preferred deer, but would eat almost anything that moved: elk, bighorn sheep, wild horses, beaver, even porcupines.
3	 But when a friend at Ernst & Young recommended her, Ms. Parakh's résumé was quickly separated from the thousands the firm receives every week because she was referred by a current employee, and within three weeks she was hired.  You know how long this usually takes,  she said.  It was miraculous. While whom you know has always counted in hiring, Ms. Parakh's experience underscores a fundamental shift in the job market .
2	 The saxophone is the most ambiguous of instruments. Though ubiquitous in jazz and pop, it has long remained on the fringes of classical music, brought in for the occasional  Bolero,  but rarely afforded the spotlight. When it finds its way into the orchestra, it often functions as a jazzy outsider, an ambassador of pop.Few contemporary composers are better poised to trade on the saxophone's ambivalent status than John Adams, who long ago mastered the art of moving nimbly between the classical and pop worlds. Mr.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The Christmas Eve spacewalk planned by NASA at the International Space Station should wrap up repair work on a faulty cooling line.Mission Control said Monday that unless something goes awry, two astronauts ought to finish installing a new ammonia pump Tuesday, during this second spacewalk. NASA originally thought three spacewalks might be needed.Astronauts Rick Mastracchio and Michael Hopkins removed the faulty pump Saturday. Everything went so well, they jumped ahead in their effort to fix the external cooling line that shut down Dec. 11.
0	  PITTSBURGH — From his crouch behind the plate at PNC Park on Tuesday, Russell Martin called for the first pitch of the baseball postseason. On Wednesday, some 130 miles away, the playoffs will continue at Progressive Field, with Nick Swisher taking part.Martin and Swisher played last season for the Yankees, who allowed both to leave as free agents as they tried to curb years of lavish spending . Martin went to the Pittsburgh Pirates and Swisher to the Cleveland Indians . Their teams, and others from small markets, are part of the playoff field. The Yankees are not.
2	 BERLIN — Opera has always played a prominent role in the history of the German capital . During the Cold War years, the Deutsche Oper — a company first founded in the early 20th century — operated under federal support in the West while the Staatsoper, which dates back to, became the leading house of East Germany . Just down the boulevard Unter den Linden lay the Komische Oper, a bastion of cutting-edge theater founded by the stage director Walter Felsenstein in.
0	 The long, hard-breaking eagle putt that defined his round of 7-under 63 Friday had just finished its uphill journey to the back of the cup on the 14th hole. The miracle shot,  he called it.Allen said he wanted to lag the ball to within 10 feet. That it went in was a bonus . It wasn't about me,  he said.  Obviously, something else happened. What do you say? The Lord did it or whatever. It was nice it went in, and it was kind of out of my control.
4	  WASHINGTON — Janet Napolitano, the secretary of homeland security, announced Friday that she was stepping down, setting off a search to fill one of the most challenging positions in government at a time when the Obama administration is struggling to get a team in place for the president's second term.Ms. Napolitano, a former Arizona governor who for four and a half years shaped the administration's response to hurricanes, terrorist attacks, illegal immigration and a catastrophic oil spill, will leave in September to become president of the University of California system. Ms.
4	  LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — A gunman firing into a vehicle killed two people and wounded a teenager on Tuesday as they sat in the parking lot of an eastern Kentucky community college .The campus was locked down for more than an hour while the police searched the two buildings of Hazard Community and Technical College in Hazard, the police told a news conference broadcast live on WYMT-TV's Web site . The college's president, Stephen Greiner, said that at the time of the shooting, about 30 students were on campus, 90 miles southeast of Lexington, Ky.
1	 The number of monarch butterflies that completed an annual migration to their winter home in a Mexican forest sank this year to its lowest level in at least two decades, due mostly to extreme weather and changed farming practices in North America, the Mexican government and a conservation alliance reported on Wednesday.The area of forest occupied by the butterflies, once as high at 50 acres, dwindled to.94 acres in the annual census conducted in December, Mexico's National Commission of Natural Protected Areas disclosed at a news conference in Zitácuaro, Mexico.That was a 59 percent decline from the.
0	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The surprise is not that Phil Mickelson is part-owner of a Kentucky -bred thoroughbred that once was considered a potential entrant in the Kentucky Derby . Mickelson, who enjoys placing wagers on major sporting events like the Super Bowl, grew up in San Diego, not far from the Del Mar racetrack. The surprise is that the horses never grabbed hold of Mickelson's imagination or wallet.The real horseman in the family is Mickelson's younger brother, Tim, the men's golf coach at Arizona State .
2	 John Ridley, the screenwriter of  12 Years a Slave,  wrote the script on spec. In, Mr. Ridley, who had had a decent career ranging from novelist and sitcom writer ( Martin,   The Wanda Sykes Show ) to feature gun for hire, sat down with Steve McQueen, the British artist then making a transition to filmmaking. Mr. McQueen introduced him to the 1853 book by Solomon Northup, the memoir of his abduction into slavery. Its voice and detail took Mr. Ridley by surprise. I've had a very good education my whole life,  Mr.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The police here were preparing for another night of  protests on Tuesday, and community activists were working to maintain the peace after anger over the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin turned violent in South Los Angeles on Monday night .A group of about 150 mostly young people broke away from a peaceful demonstration on Monday in the Crenshaw district, long home to many of the city's black residents. Protesters ran through the streets, blocking traffic, hitting cars, assaulting pedestrians and ransacking businesses, the police reported.
2	 That was not Jack Donaghy of  30 Rock  talking to the Democratic candidate for New York mayor, Bill de Blasio, on MSNBC, nor was it the slimy businessman in   Blue Jasmine .  It wasn't even the daffy salesman from those Capital One credit card ads. ( What's in your wallet? ) Alec Baldwin stripped off all his comic personalities on Friday for a new weekly talk show on MSNBC,  Up Late With Alec Baldwin,  which he says will be  more conversation than interview.
2	 It's not unusual, especially these days, for a film to have a lengthy gestation period. But   Reaching for the Moon,  a new drama about the tempestuous love affair between the American poet Elizabeth Bishop and the Brazilian landscape architect Carlota de Macedo Soares, has, by any standard, been an exceptionally long time in the making.Though the movie opened Friday, its origins date to, when the Brazilian film producer Lucy Barreto was invited to a luncheon at Samambaia, the mountain estate near Rio de Janeiro where Bishop and Macedo Soares lived.
0	 The World Challenge that Tiger Woods has hosted every holiday season since 1999 means so much to him that he spent what was believed to be about $4 million of his own money to help cover operating costs in a year it did not have a full title sponsor.The future of the event is no longer in doubt. The World Challenge is back on the schedule this year. There wasn't a doubt whether we could stage it.
3	 A new apartment complex in Hamburg, Germany, intends to generate heat, as well as revenue, from growing the micro-organism. The five-story Bio Intelligent Quotient (B.I.Q.) building, which was expected to become fully operational on Wednesday, has a high-tech facade that looks like a cross between a Mondrian painting and a terrarium but is actually a vertical algae farm.The designers of the B.I.Q. building, which relies entirely on renewable energy, promise that their pioneering energy system will harvest fast-growing algae to create biofuel, produce heat, shade the building, abate street noise and make history.
4	  CHICAGO — In a back room at the Franciscan House of Mary and Joseph, one of the largest homeless shelters in Chicago, a social worker named Sheena Ward guided Terry Cannon through a Medicaid application.A wet cough punctuated Mr. Cannon's often wry answers to Ms. Ward's questions about his disability status, military service and marital history.  I have glaucoma, I'm going blind. I have lung disease, I'm dying,  he said.  How can they deny me? If they do, give me a couple years and I'll be gone.
1	  Typhoon Haiyan, which ravaged the Philippines earlier this month, might have been one of the strongest tropical cyclones ever to hit land, but its exact strength was a matter of dispute. Forecasting agencies said it would pack winds of up to 195 miles (about 315 kilometers) an hour, but meteorologists in the Philippines said that top measured speeds were closer to 150 m.p.h., or 240 k.p.h.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A space rock even bigger than the meteor that exploded like an atom bomb over Russia could drop out of the sky unannounced at any time and wreak havoc on a city. And Hollywood to the contrary, there isn't much the world's scientists and generals can do about it.But some former astronauts want to give the world a fighting chance.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Ugly. Sloppy. And, Rex Ryan will take it.The New York Jets overcame a team-record 20 penalties and hung on to beat the Buffalo Bills 27-20 on Sunday as Geno Smith outplayed EJ Manuel in a matchup of the first two quarterbacks drafted in April. I love the fact that our team found a way to win,  Ryan said.  We persevered and we won. That's really encouraging to me. That tells you about the fight and spirit of this football team . And that's what I'm most proud of.
3	 British authorities have opened an investigation into Hewlett-Packard 's claims that it was duped when it bought the business software maker Autonomy, according to regulatory documents filed Monday.The inquiry, by the British Serious Fraud Office, is the latest legal fallout from a deal that has saddled Hewlett with huge losses and depressed its stock price . The Justice Department started looking into the matter late last year, shortly after H.P. accused Autonomy employees of fabricating sales in a ruse that drove up the company's sale price .Autonomy's founder and former chief executive, Mike Lynch, has stridently denied H.P.
1	 Terroir is a concept at the heart of French winemaking, but one so mysterious that the word has no English counterpart. It denotes the holistic combination of soil, geology, climate and local grape-growing practices that make each region's wine unique.There must be something to terroir, given that expert wine tasters can often identify the region from which a wine comes. But American wine growers have long expressed varying degrees of skepticism about this ineffable concept, some dismissing it as unfathomable mysticism and others regarding it as a shrewd marketing ploy to protect the cachet of French wines.
2	 A year ago, before the premiere of the Fox drama  Touch,  Tim Kring, its creator, was talking about the possibilities inherent in the show's core relationship, between a father and his mute, somewhat mystical son. As the series progressed, Mr. Kring said, there were lots of things he might do to deepen that relationship. Maybe the boy would even speak at some point.But what has happened to  Touch  goes far beyond the will-he-or-won't-he-talk question.
0	 Until Joe Flacco came along in, being the starting quarterback of the Baltimore Ravens featured all the job security of a department store Santa. Preceding him were the likes of Scott Mitchell, Jeff Blake and Steve McNair. And Elvis Grbac, Anthony Wright and Stoney Case .There also was, for one season, a 34-year-old with an average arm and ferocious intensity whose mission on Sunday in New Orleans will be to stop his former team from winning Super Bowl XLVII . His name is Jim Harbaugh, and he coaches the San Francisco 49ers .Harbaugh fashioned a solid career in 14 N.F.L.
4	  PHOENIX — At a hearing on Friday on a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of an order that would keep some young immigrants from getting driver's licenses, Gov . Jan Brewer of Arizona again found herself trying to prove that her policies are not discriminatory.Ms. Brewer is remembered for signing legislation empowering the police to ask certain people about their immigration status, which put Arizona on the forefront of the nation's contentious immigration debate . And now she is leading the charge again, standing firm against a federal program that would give young immigrants temporary reprieves from deportation.Ms.
0	  MILWAUKEE — Beleaguered manager Don Mattingly insisted Monday he doesn't feel he's about to be fired by the Los Angeles Dodgers, and he has no idea whether he needs to win a three-game series against the Milwaukee Brewers to keep his job.Mattingly's comments came an hour after GM Ned Colletti said his manager is  doing fine  and has kept the team steady despite its last-place showing in the NL West . Mattingly said he talked with team president Stan Kasten within the past couple of days and didn't get any indication he was about to be replaced.
0	  Manchester City mounted a ruthless attacking display to rout Manchester United, 4-1, in England's Premier League on Sunday. It was the first derby between the rivals since the retirement of United Manager Alex Ferguson .Sergio Agüero volleyed home an acrobatic goal in the 16th minute, Yaya Touré doubled the lead in the 45th minute, and Agüero scored again in the 47th. Samir Nasri's 50 th-minute goal completed the burst. Wayne Rooney scored United's goal on a curling free kick in the 87th.
0	 FORT WAYNE, Ind. — Lakareber Abe moved into position to become the first black female player to win a U.S. Golf Association individual championship, winning two matches Friday to advance to the 36-hole final in the U.S. Girls' Junior Championship .The 17-year-old Abe, from Angleton, Texas, beat Kathleen Scavo of Benicia, Calif., 4 and 3 in the morning quarterfinals, and topped Bethany Wu of Diamond Bar, Calif., 1 up in the afternoon semifinals.Abe, set to play at Alabama after her senior year in high school, Abe will face Gabriella Then in the final.Then, the 17-year-old Upland, Calif.
4	  WASHINGTON — The National Security Agency apparently compensated e- mail service providers   millions of dollars   for costs they incurred in the fallout from an October 2011 court ruling that an unrelated aspect of the agency's surveillance operations violated the Constitution, according to a newly disclosed document.The document — a brief article in a secret internal agency newsletter, dated October, that was leaked by the former N.S.A. contractor Edward J. Snowden and published by The Guardian on Friday — added a detail to the emerging public understanding of the once-secret episode, but it also raised new questions.
2	 On a recent afternoon, 10 dancers from the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater caught their breath after a run-through of  Chroma,  an exceptionally fast-paced, convoluted work by the British choreographer Wayne McGregor. The windows of the fifth-floor studio offered sweeping views of Midtown Manhattan, but the city looked almost sleepy next to the dancing that had just happened.Mr. McGregor, who resembles a walking exclamation point — tall, gangly, animated — seemed pleased with this latest incarnation of the piece. (He first created  Chroma  in 2006 for the Royal Ballet in London, where he is the resident choreographer.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Commission said Thursday that Air China and Air India were among 10 Chinese and Indian airlines facing the prospect of fines and exclusion from airports in the European Union for refusing to comply with rules aimed at regulating greenhouse emissions .The carriers are accused of not providing emissions data, as required by the European rules, and not participating in a permit system that entitles airlines to emit greenhouse gases in European airspace.
2	  Figure skating has glided into Edward Villella's life twice, both at life-changing moments. The first time occurred in 1977 when he was hired to choreograph an ice ballet for a Dorothy Hamill television special. Don't ask,  he said, emitting a sound somewhere between a laugh and a moan at his Hamilton Heights brownstone.  What did I know? At that time he was provided with an assistant described as a Canadian national figure-skating champion.
2	 When Gilbert Gottfried finds something really funny — like one of his self-deprecating and willfully tasteless jokes — his narrow eyes grow even narrower, he lets out a gruff cackle and buries his face in the palm of his hand.But Mr. Gottfried, 58, the veteran comedian, is hardly ashamed of awkward subjects, whether he is cracking wise about his goofy looks and short stature ( In real life I'm a tall, blond Christian ) or his frugality ( I would show up at a party for Al Qaeda if you said there's going to be a dinner.
0	 MADRID — A look at the life and career of Carlo Ancelotti, also known as 'Carletto', who was named as Real Madrid coach on Tuesday.- Ancelotti was born in Reggiolo, Italy in June.- A combative midfielder for Parma, AS Roma and AC Milan, he helped Roma win the 1983 Serie A title and four Italian Cups before joining AC Milan in 1986 where he added two more league championships, as well as back-to-back European Cup triumphs in 1989 and.- Ancelotti was capped 26 times for Italy, scored once and played in the 1990 World Cup .
4	 A Colorado high school student who was shot in the head on Dec. 13 by a schoolmate died on Saturday afternoon, her family and hospital officials said.The victim, Claire Davis, 17, had been in critical condition since the shooting at Arapahoe High School in Centennial, a suburb of Denver . It is with unspeakable sadness that we write and say that Claire has passed away from the gunshot wound she received,  her family said in a statement.  We ask that you give us time to grieve the death of our daughter by respecting our wishes for privacy.
2	 Darkness delivered sweetly: That's what drew together the improbable partnership of gentle-voiced Norah Jones and pop-punk arena rocker Billie Joe Armstrong, who leads Green Day. They decided to remake, of all things, an entire album from: the Everly Brothers'  Songs Our Daddy Taught Us  (Cadence.The Everlys' original is a contender for the most morbid album of the early rock 'n' roll era. It arrived soon after their huge 1957 hits,   Bye Bye Love  and  Wake Up Little Suzie,  both of which appeared on their 1958 debut album .
3	 In an age of sophisticated computer modeling, Boeing engineers relied on the same test used for tiny cellphone batteries to gather data about the safety of the heftier lithium-ion battery on its new 787 jets: they drove a nail into it to see what happened.As the nail pierced one of the eight cells, it accomplished its goal of setting off a short circuit . But only smoke, not fire, belched from the battery .
2	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — If there were an oral history of the making of  Lincoln,  it might start with a 6-year-old Steven Spielberg visiting the Lincoln Memorial in Washington one winter.  I was freezing my little tush off, and my uncle brought me to meet this giant,  he recalled in an interview here on Monday.  I had no idea who he was except he was bigger than me and really intimidating. The young Steven was so scared he didn't want to look the statue in the eyes.
0	  DENVER — Marlon Byrd hit a go-ahead homer in the eighth inning and threw out a runner from right field in the ninth to lead the New York Mets past the Colorado Rockies 3-2 on Thursday in a makeup game for the one that was snowed out on April.With the Mets trailing 2-1 and a runner on, Byrd drove a fastball from reliever Matt Belisle (4-5) into the left-center seats. That was about the extent of the offense for New York with star slugger David Wright receiving a rare rest.
1	 Humanoid Robots: Fully programmable robots were on display at the Humanoids 2013 conference in Atlanta . The goal is to enable them to work effectively and even autonomously in emergency situations .On a recent morning Natanel Dukan walked into the Paris offices of the French robot maker Aldebaran and noticed one of the company's humanoid NAO robots sitting on a chair. Mr. Dukan, an electrical engineer, could not resist. Bending over, he kissed the robot on the cheek. In response the NAO tilted its head, touched his cheek and let out an audible smack.
1	 Substandard tuberculosis drugs sold by pharmacies in poor countries are a growing public health threat, but the problem could be alleviated if governments enforced World Health Organization standards, a new study reports.At pharmacies in 17 countries, the authors bought 713 samples of two TB drugs, the antibiotics rifampin and isoniazid. Nine percent had no active ingredient or, worse, too little: An inadequate dose encourages the growth of drug-resistant TB strains while not curing the patient.The study, published online by PLoS Medicine, shows the failures in what should be a nearly perfect system for basic TB control, said Dr.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, who retired less than two years ago as the leader of the nation's largest Roman Catholic archdiocese, was removed from all public duties by his successor, Archbishop José H. Gomez, as the church complied with a court order to release thousands of pages of internal documents that show how the cardinal shielded priests who sexually abused children.
3	 The first hint of trouble came just minutes after passengers and crew left the Boeing 787 jet that had just landed at Logan International Airport in Boston . A cleaning worker noticed  an electrical burning smell and smoke  in the back of the cabin. Other managers reported smoke that was  intense  and  caustic smelling. A mechanic who went to the electronics bay to investigate saw two distinct flames about three inches long at the front of the case holding the plane's lithium-ion battery, according to a report released Thursday by the National Transportation Safety Board .
3	  Newly released documents reveal how the government uses border crossings to seize and examine travelers' electronic devices instead of obtaining a search warrant to gain access to the data.The documents detail what until now has been a largely secretive process that enables the government to create a travel alert for a person, who may not be a suspect in an investigation, then detain that individual at a border crossing and confiscate or copy any electronic devices that person is carrying.
2	 When the TomorrowWorld festival opens outside Atlanta on Friday, concertgoers can expect to see safety measures that have become common at European electronic dance music festivals but have yet to catch on in the United States : a nonprofit drug education group will be giving advice, not only on the dangers of drug abuse, but also on how those who choose to take party drugs can use them more safely.
2	 BERLIN — Dmitri Tcherniakov, the rising Russian opera director who will make his New York debut at the Metropolitan Opera in February, is on a self-proclaimed mission: to bring scantly known Russian works to the West .The quest, which will give the New York house its first  Prince Igor  since, started 10 years ago, when the pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim invited Mr. Tcherniakov to stage one of the better-known Russian works, Mussorgsky's  Boris Godunov,  at the Staatsoper here. The 2005 production was Mr.
4	  PORTLAND, Me. — Charlene Masengu left the Democratic Republic of Congo late last year, hoping to get asylum status in the United States after a wave of political violence made life at home unbearably dangerous. She made it to this coastal city last month, just before it was covered in more than 30 inches of snow, and she wondered, briefly, whether she had made a mistake. Deadly!  Ms. Masengu, 29, said in French, shaking her head as she remembered the snowstorm.  I didn't feel good at all. I wanted to leave. Ms.
1	  LOS ANGELES — Neil Armstrong's name is attached to a lunar crater, an asteroid, more than a dozen schools and a museum, but not a single NASA facility is christened in honor of the man whose  giant leap  made him the first to walk on the moon.All that could soon change on the fringes of the Mojave Desert, where leaders at the space agency's top flight research center are mulling the consequences of a proposed name change at the place where Armstrong was a test pilot.
4	  WASHINGTON — The governor of Pennsylvania, Tom Corbett, released details on Friday of his proposal to use federal Medicaid funds to buy private health insurance for low-income people — a plan similar to one being carried out by Arkansas and considered by other Republican governors who oppose expanding Medicaid under President Obama's health care law .Like the Arkansas plan, which the Obama administration formally approved in September, Mr. Corbett's proposal would use federal funds available for expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act to instead buy private coverage for an expanded Medicaid population, using the new online insurance marketplace .
2	  Mark Morris created  L'Allegro, il Penseroso ed il Moderato  during the three years his company was resident at the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels . It was, he was 32 and, for the first time, had an,100-seat opera house, an orchestra and a costume department at his disposal. He used it all with relish.  L'Allegro,  which returns to Lincoln Center this week, wasn't immediately acclaimed by the local critics. (Mr. Morris's biographer, Joan Acocella, quotes one review:  Where is the profundity? ) But it has become Mr.
3	 PARIS — European demand for new cars slumped in January to the lowest level on record for that month, industry data showed Tuesday, as sales at Ford Motor 's troubled operations on the Continent tumbled by more than one-fourth.New- car registrations, a proxy for sales, fell.7 percent from January, the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association reported in Brussels, falling to,159 units, the lowest level since the organization records began in.Global automakers are hoping for a decent, but they worry that the European market will continue to decline. Consumers have been slammed by recession, unemployment and government austerity measures .
2	 In his last years the eminent conductor Colin Davis, who died in April at, had debilitating stretches of poor health . But he was clearly inspired for a concert performance in April 2012 of Weber's opera  Der Freischütz  with the London Symphony Orchestra and Chorus and an impressive cast. LSO Live recently released a vibrant recording drawn from two performances at the Barbican in London. Der Freischütz,  an early landmark of German romantic opera, had a triumphant premiere in Berlin in 1821 and soon became an international success.
0	 His father, George Sauer Sr., was an all-American halfback at Nebraska, a member of the College Football Hall of Fame who played for the Green Bay Packers before going into coaching and eventually becoming the Jets' director of player personnel from 1962 to. It was that pedigree that got the younger Sauer his first scholarship offer on Nov. 10, 1943, the day he was born. As for George Jr., don't worry,  Texas Coach Dana X. Bible wrote in a letter to the family.  I've got a uniform reserved for him here.
2	 BUZZSAWS were buzzing, hammers were hammering, and a sea of empty display racks awaited their wares one morning this week in a cavernous storefront in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. It was a typical scene of retail construction in every way except for what was coming: a record store .
0	 Nick Johnson made six free throws in the final 25 seconds and No. 1 Arizona rallied from an 11-point second-half deficit to defeat host Michigan, 72-70, on Saturday.Brandon Ashley scored 18 points for Arizona, which wore down Michigan (6-4) in the final minutes . The Wildcats finished with 17 offensive rebounds and outscored the Wolverines, 34-28, in the lane. Glenn Robinson III had 20 points for Michigan, making all seven of his shots from the field in the first half.
3	 AUSTIN, Texas — In oil-rich parts of Texas, hydraulic fracturing has almost become a way of life. Drilling rigs and pumping equipment pepper the landscape, and enormous trucks carrying oil field supplies rumble down narrow, dusty roads.In Europe, things could hardly be more different. Opposition to hydraulic fracturing — the process of injecting water, sand and chemicals into the earth to blast apart rock and retrieve oil or natural gas — is widespread and entrenched. Some countries, including France, ban the practice, which is also known as fracking.
3	 FRANKFURT — On Thursday, when much of the world economy looked a bit brighter, even the European Central Bank offered a more optimistic view of the cloudy euro zone .The bank, saying growth was poised  to gain some traction  as record-low interest rates began to flow to businesses and consumers in the form of cheaper loans, raised its forecast for 2014 slightly. All in all, we're seeing positive developments,  Mario Draghi, the president of the central bank, said at a news conference, after the bank left its main interest rate unchanged at.25 percent.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, does not have to testify in the multibillion-dollar lawsuit by the former chief of the American International Group against the United States over the insurer's 2008 bailout, a federal appeals court said on Wednesday.The ruling, from the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, overturned a lower court decision from July that said Mr. Bernanke should submit to a deposition by lawyers for the former chief executive, Maurice R. Greenberg.Deposing Mr. Bernanke while he is in office could disrupt government activities, the panel said.
2	 At this moment, there's probably no better way of dispelling the tiresome myth that silent films were technically and dramatically crude than by directing skeptics to the radiant new Blu-ray of  The Big Parade  from Warner Home Video . Directed by King Vidor, and originally released by MGM in November, this tale of three buddies caught up in what then was called the Great War was one of the most financially successful films of the silent era. It played for almost two years at the Astor Theater in New York and enjoyed similar success worldwide.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — Monday dawned as quietly as Sunday did in this sleepy small Central Florida city. The streets of Goldsboro, the historic black community, were all but empty. Downtown was tumbleweed still. A few miles from the county courthouse, in Mel's Family Diner, waitresses served up signature dishes — sissy burgers and biker omelets — and voiced tentative relief.
3	 I ALWAYS laugh when people ask me if I still enjoy traveling, especially for business . The answer is simple: Of course I do. As a woman of 88 years young, that's right, young, I still enjoy seeing the world, meeting interesting people, and I don't even mind trying to negotiate the airport lines. I think it is all very exciting. Travel helps keep me young, so I am going to keep doing it as long as I can.
4	 AURORA, Colo. — Angela Graham, 51, has not had health insurance for years, and is not covered by her job conducting telephone surveys. It's something I'm definitely interested in,  Ms. Graham said after picking up an informational packet on Colorado's new health care exchange, which opened on Tuesday along with others across the nation as part of the federal Affordable Care Act .  I don't go to the doctor these days. I just pray. That's the honest to god truth. Ms.
3	 LONDON — A hairdresser in Liverpool and a knitwear manufacturer in Nottingham were among the first nine people and companies publicly branded tax scofflaws by the British authorities as part of a government  name and shame  campaign.On its Web site, Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs on Thursday published the names and addresses of accused tax cheats, along with the amount the department says they owe. The individuals and small businesses owe a combined.8 million, or.7 million, in fines and unpaid taxes . The department said the list would be updated every three months.
3	 LONDON — The Bank of England kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Thursday amid tentative signs that Britain's economic recovery is strengthening.The central bank held its interest rate at.5 percent, already a record low, and also made no change to its program of economic stimulus, leaving the target at 375 billion pounds, or about $570 billion. The British government had reported last week that the economy in the second quarter had grown.6 percent from the previous quarter and that all main industries were reporting faster growth for the first time in three years.
3	 When China's skies darken with pollution, it is not the only nation to suffer.Soot, ozone-forming compounds and other pollutants from China can blow east to Korea and Japan . Ultimately, some even reach the west coast of the United States, scientists say.Other nations generate pollution too, of course, so the wafting of bad air from China adds to local problems. China's emissions worry countries in the path of the plumes, but in a region where political tensions often run high, international solutions are largely elusive.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — The two legal teams, the one for the N.F.L. and the one for the retired players suing the league for negligence and fraud, were stacked with top talent, including litigators who have argued in front of the Supreme Court .But in a twist, the N.F.L., the $9 billion league that often gets its way, appeared to have a tougher time of it on Tuesday.
0	 LEXINGTON, Ky. — There was red, so much red at Rupp Arena on Saturday night . There was noise, so much noise. And there was pressure, so much pressure. Louisville welcomed it, thrived in it, inflicted it. Until Thursday morning, Larry Eustachy, the Colorado State coach, did not know a single player on Louisville's team, let alone Russ Smith or Peyton Siva, whose names he is as familiar with now as his wedding anniversary .That is a far happier occasion for Eustachy than the 82-56 thrashing No. 1-seeded Louisville administered to his team, dismissing the No.
0	 (Reuters) - Former world number one Roger Federer has made his  childhood hero  Stefan Edberg part of his coaching team and will use him on an occasional basis next year, the Swiss said on Friday. I am happy to announce that beginning in Melbourne, Stefan Edberg will join Severin Luethi on my coaching team,  Federer, a 17 times grand slam champion, announced on his Facebook page referring to next month's Australian Open . Swede Edberg, also a former world number one, won six grand slams, including two Australian Open titles, in the mid-1980s.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Carl Levin, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told the committee's top Republican on Friday that he and other Senate Republicans were out of bounds for demanding additional financial information from Chuck Hagel, President Obama's choice to be defense secretary .Mr. Levin, Democrat of Michigan, said he would move quickly to hold a committee vote on Mr. Hagel's nomination, and White House officials said they remained confident that Mr. Hagel would be approved, probably on a party-line vote, with all 14 Democrats in favor and all 12 Republicans opposed. They said Mr.
0	 (Reuters) - Asia dominated Friday's foursomes to race into a 3-1 lead over Europe on the opening day of the Royal Trophy at the Dragon Lake Golf Club in Guangzhou, China on Friday. Jose Maria Olazabal, the only Europe captain to have tasted defeat in the event, will need his team to lift their game in the next two days of the Ryder Cup -inspired tournament to avoid a third loss, following Asian victories in 2009 and.Thai duo Thongchai Jaidee and Kiradech Aphibarnrat set the tone for Asia, captained by Y.E.
3	  TOKYO — Hydrogen-powered cars are finally being readied for their Prius moment — at least, that is what promoters of the environmentally friendly technology hope.Toyota, maker of the Prius, the first hybrid vehicle to achieve mass-market acceptance, on Wednesday unveiled a concept version of a hydrogen fuel-cell car that it plans to begin selling  around,  as the company put it. The bright blue sedan is shaped like a drop of water to emphasize that water is the only substance that hydrogen-powered cars emit from their tailpipes.
3	 PARIS — Carrefour, the French retailing giant, said on Monday that it was joining a group of investors in a deal worth 2 billion euros, or.7 billion, to purchase more than a hundred shopping malls in France, Spain and Italy in an attempt to restore profitability to its underperforming European operations.The deal comes as a new management team at Carrefour, the world's second-largest retailer by sales after Walmart, seeks to refocus on its core markets in Europe after years of rapid international expansion that have yielded uneven results.
3	  WASHINGTON — A measure of Americans who applied for unemployment benefits over the last month has fallen to its lowest level in almost six years, signaling fewer layoffs.The Labor Department said on Thursday that the average number of people who applied for benefits over the last four weeks dropped by,250, to,500. That is the lowest level since November, the month before the Great Recession began. Weekly applications for unemployment aid increased by,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted,000. But that is up only slightly from the previous week's five-and-a-half-year low.
3	  BOSTON (Reuters) — A Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft with no passengers on board caught fire at Logan International Airport in Boston on Monday when a battery in its auxiliary electrical system exploded, officials said.A mechanic inspecting the Japan Airlines jet discovered smoke in the cockpit while performing a routine postflight inspection and reported it to airport authorities around:30 a.m. Eastern time, said Bob Donahue, the fire chief of the Massachusetts Port Authority .A fire crew responded and determined that a battery used to power the plane's electrical systems when the engines are not running had exploded, Chief Donahue said.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — Gov . Jerry Brown on Tuesday proposed a smaller budget than projected earlier this year and repeatedly cautioned against new spending, disappointing Democratic lawmakers who had hoped that rising state tax revenues would finance social programs after years of austerity . California has benefited from an unexpected.5 billion windfall in personal income tax receipts this year. But Mr. Brown, in announcing his revised budget in Sacramento, said that the federal government's elimination of a 2 percent payroll tax reduction and the spending cuts caused by the federal sequestration would lead to only a.
3	 PARIS — Shares of PSA Peugeot Citroën tumbled on Monday as investors anticipated that the struggling French automaker was closing in on a deal to raise fresh capital that would dilute the value of its stock.There has been speculation since early summer that Peugeot, the second-largest European automaker after Volkswagen, was seeking a tie-up with Dongfeng Motor Group, a state-owned Chinese company with which Peugeot jointly assembles vehicles in China . Expectations were heightened by a Reuters report over the weekend that said Peugeot had drafted a plan to raise 3 billion euros, or about.1 billion, of new capital.
2	 Choosing movies to watch online can be a lot like blind dating, except that your yenta is a piece of software telling you,  Because you liked X you might like Y.  What you see is what the algorithm gets: your past choices, your ratings, what other people are watching.The notion of human intervention — in the spirit of the art-house programmer or the knowledgeable video- store clerk — is still alive, though, at smaller streaming-video sites that focus on independent, foreign and documentary films . Mubi.
0	 No one had to interpret the situation for Chris Kluwe, the opinionated Minnesota Vikings punter. Kluwe, who gained national attention last fall for his support of same-sex marriage, figured his time in Minnesota was coming to an end when the Vikings chose Jeff Locke, a U.C.L.A. punter/kicker, in the fifth round of the N.F.L. draft.It did Monday, when the Vikings placed Kluwe, 31, on no-recall waivers. Kluwe asked General Manager Rick Spielman last week to release him quickly if the team preferred Locke.
1	 Tuesday in science, cleaner eyeglasses, the story behind a tiger's stripes, sexy fossils and health lessons from mummies. Check out these headlines from around the Web .How the Tiger Got its Stripes: Discover Magazine reports on the proteins that stimulate skin cells to generate different patches of color in animals.How to Clean Your Glasses: Wiping your eyeglasses with a shirt sleeve is the wrong way to clear the grime, reports The Wall Street Journal . Shirt sleeves can scratch lenses. Use water, soap and a soft cotton cloth instead.
3	  WASHINGTON — Factory orders rose in September because of a large increase in commercial aircraft demand . But businesses cut back sharply on machinery and other goods that signal their confidence to expand, in a sign of slower economic growth .The Commerce Department said Monday that factory orders increased.7 percent in September from August. That followed a.1 percent decline in August and a.8 percent plunge in July.The September gain was driven by a.7 percent rise in demand for aircraft.But so-called core capital goods, which include machinery and electronics, fell.3 percent in September. And demand for machinery plummeted.
3	 A TWITTER user from Monterrey, Mexico, issued a challenge this month to the indie rock band Clap Your Hands Say Yeah: If it would perform in his home country, he would tattoo the face of the lead singer, Alec Ounsworth, onto his own left buttock. The band retweeted the offer for the amusement of its followers .The message was a sign that the band has a strong fan base in Mexico, and its members are eager to play a concert there.
4	 CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Their cheeks brushed as they whispered into each other's ears, Bill Clinton and Terry McAuliffe, together again. I love Terry McAuliffe and his wife and their kids,  the former president croaked hoarsely last week, explaining why he was on this three-day, nine-city swing through Virginia on behalf of Mr. McAuliffe, the Democratic candidate for governor .  They've been great friends to Hillary and to Chelsea and to me for a very long time. After many years as Mr. Clinton's chief fund-raiser and then as the chairman of the Democratic National Committee, Mr.
1	  WASHINGTON — Being short on cash may make you a bit slower in the brain, a new study suggests.People worrying about having enough money to pay their bills tend to lose temporarily the equivalent of 13 IQ points, scientists found when they gave intelligence tests to shoppers at a New Jersey mall and farmers in India .The idea is that financial stress monopolizes thinking, making other calculations slower and more difficult, sort of like the effects of going without sleep for a night.
2	 What was Michael Cimino thinking the day he pulled up to the Polo Lounge in Beverly Hills in his Rolls-Royce Corniche, three months before the release of his second, much-anticipated film,  The Deer Hunter  and seven months before he began shooting his third — possibly the costliest film ever made about class war?That day in September 1978 he was having lunch with Steven Bach, an executive at United Artists, to discuss working together. At some point their conversation turned to Mr.
4	 LAREDO, Tex. —  Many Texans who live along the border with Mexico share the legend of La Llorona, who is said to have drowned her children in the Rio Grande . And they pass on another myth: Once you drink the river-fed tap water here, you are bound to the region.Such tall tales are an ode to the,900-mile river that is known as the Rio Bravo to Mexicans, whose connections and ownership of the river is as strong as their neighbors to the north .
3	 Jo Malone is the founder of the cosmetics and perfume business that bears her name. After selling the company to Estée Lauder in, she set up the perfume company Jo Loves, which she now runs.Q. You are now running your second business . Is it different from when you were head of your first company ?A. I miss the naïveté of running a first business, because I know what can happen. I know how far I can fall if I slip. Building a business in today's economy is like building a tightrope with no safety net .Q.
4	  WASHINGTON — Under intense bipartisan pressure to answer mounting consumer complaints about the botched health care rollout, White House officials are struggling to make good on President Obama's promise that Americans can keep their insurance coverage without undermining the new health law or adding unaffordable costs .After the president's apology last week for wrongly assuring Americans that they could retain their health plans if they wanted, senior White House aides said the president wanted to ensure that people who were forced off older policies with less comprehensive coverage were not stuck with higher monthly premiums to replace their insurance .
0	  BERNE — For the first time this season European players, coaches and fans were able to concentrate on football at the weekend without the air being clouded by transfer talk - and most of them would like to keep it that way.Players, coaches and UEFA president Michel Platini have all complained the summer transfer window drags on too long and should be closed before the season cranks into gear.For many, there is nothing more frustrating than starting the season with a squad of players and not knowing if they will still be together in September.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.02 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.05 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.02 percent.The following tax-exempt, fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
2	 By tradition, ballet traffics in transformation. Most full-evening narratives that are the bread and butter of ballet companies draw their stories from fairy tales. New productions must find fresh life in much-used material, transforming it without forsaking the familiar. This fall two recent, high-profile remakes of classic stories will arrive in New York, coincidentally on the same day.To the David H. Koch Theater (Oct. 23-27) San Francisco Ballet brings Christopher Wheeldon's  Cinderella.  (The preceding week the company will offer new-to-New-York works by Mr. Wheeldon, Alexei Ratmansky and Mark Morris .
4	 A federal judge in California has ordered immigration courts in three states to provide legal representation for immigrants with mental disabilities who are in detention and facing deportation, if they cannot represent themselves. The decision is the first time a court has required the government to provide legal assistance for any group of people before the nation's immigration courts .The ruling by Judge Dolly M. Gee, of federal court for the Central District of California, in Los Angeles, was handed down late Tuesday in a class-action lawsuit brought in 2010 by the American Civil Liberties Union, among other groups .
3	  Federal regulators said on Wednesday that they had approved one flight of a Boeing, with a flight crew but no passengers, as the company's engineers study possible changes to the plane's electrical systems that could reduce the risk of another battery fire.The flight would be the first for a 787 since aviation authorities grounded the innovative aircraft last month after two incidents with its lithium-ion batteries . The Federal Aviation Administration said it would let Boeing return one 787 from a painting plant in Fort Worth to its plant near Seattle .
4	 SPRINGFIELD, Ill. — Harvey Nelson glanced around a diner here on Monday, then dropped his voice to a hush to talk about politics. Yes, he said, looking around again at nearby tables, he voted for President Obama, and yes, he said, some signs seem to be emerging of an improving economy . But I must confess, it's the uncertainty of everything that bothers me right now,  said Mr. Nelson, 68, who retired from a state agency in this state capital.  The people in Washington seem unable to sit down and talk.
2	 The endlessly lamented cult comedy, which tracked the Bluths, a family of loopy narcissists orbiting a good son, played by Jason Bateman, originally ran from 2003 to 2006 on Fox . Coverage of its return on Netflix on Sunday has taken over a Queen Mary -sized quadrant of the Internet as promotional events from Los Angeles to London have drawn throngs, like the replicas of the Bluth's frozen banana stand that made the rounds in Manhattan last week.
3	 The dentist set to work, tapping and probing, then put down his tools and delivered the news. His patient, Patricia Gannon, needed a partial denture. The cost: more than,700.Ms. Gannon, 78, was staggered. She said she could not afford it. And her insurance would pay only a small portion . But she was barely out of the chair, her mouth still sore, when her dentist's office held out a solution: a special line of credit to help cover her bill. Before she knew it, Ms. Gannon recalled, the office manager was taking down her financial details .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Justice Department's independent inspector general on Tuesday portrayed its voting rights section as torn by  deep ideological polarization   and  the harassment and marginalization of employees and managers   by both liberal and conservative factions dating to the Bush administration and continuing into the Obama era.
0	 NEW YORK — Anthony Bennett was stunned at the start. David Stern had a big surprise at the finish.In between, Nerlens Noel and a number of others experienced wild rides to start their careers in an unsettled first round of the NBA draft .Bennett became the first Canadian No. 1 overall pick, and Noel tumbled out of the top five and right into a trade, the first of many moves that took a back seat to one in the works for the team that calls Barclays Center home.
4	 MOSCOW, Idaho — The border with Washington State is just two miles from the home that Henry D. Johnston and his partner, Alex Irwin, own here in western Idaho, but for a gay couple it might as well be a thousand. Over there, just a brisk morning's walk away, same-sex marriage was approved by a majority of statewide voters last fall; over here, the Idaho Constitution, through an amendment passed by voters in, says that even a civil union granted elsewhere has no validity. Set your clock back,  Mr.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Although Trevor Lewis knows all about postseason heroics after scoring two goals in a Stanley Cup -clinching victory last season, even he was a bit overwhelmed by the Los Angeles Kings' latest spectacular playoff feat.With three minutes left, the San Jose Sharks appeared to be cruising toward a well-deserved win. After two penalties and two dynamic power-play goals, including the winner from Lewis, the Kings were halfway to the Western Conference finals . I almost passed out on the celebration,  Lewis said.  I got a little light-headed.
4	 As health care costs in the United States rise, an increasing number of Americans are going overseas for elective procedures, or are at least considering that possibility.In response to an article in The New York Times on Sunday about an American who went to Belgium to have his hip replaced because his insurer in the United States would not cover the procedure, hundreds of readers said they would be willing to follow that path.Michael Shopenn's surgery in 2007 would have cost close to,000 in the United States .
3	  TOKYO — The biggest Internet takeover to date in China has already sharpened a rivalry among the country's digital powerhouses, but the deal could also bring more order to China's messy world of mobile apps .Baidu, the leading search engine in China, signed a deal last week to buy an operator of mobile application stores called 91 Wireless for.9 billion from an online video game company, NetDragon. The move should help Baidu regain ground against two other Chinese Internet giants, Alibaba and Tencent, which were quicker to add mobile capabilities.
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama suggested that he was likely to nominate a new Federal Reserve chairman later this year, saying in a television interview aired late Monday that the current chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, had  already stayed a lot longer than he wanted or he was supposed to. Mr. Obama praised Mr . Bernanke's leadership of the Fed, which has mounted an aggressive campaign to revive the economy over the last several years. His second term as chairman of the central bank runs through the end of January.
4	  PHOENIX — There were cheers and hugs on the packed sidewalk outside the courthouse here on Wednesday as word trickled out of a verdict in the four-month murder trial of Jodi Arias .A petite woman with bangs and glasses, Ms. Arias, 32, stood accused of shooting, repeatedly stabbing and almost decapitating her former boyfriend, Travis Alexander, five years ago . Nancy Grace of HLN, the cable news channel, who had done much to popularize the case on television, choked up as she delivered the news.  Guilty on murder one,  she said.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Kewaunee nuclear power plant in Wisconsin shut down for the last time on Tuesday, but it is preparing to break new ground for the American nuclear industry .It may go to sleep, Snow White -style, for 50 years, to be awakened when its radioactivity has subsided. Or it may be dismantled in the next decade or so. In either case, the responsibility and the expense, probably near $1 billion, will be borne for the first time by a for- profit company, not a regulated utility.
2	 When Damian Woetzel retired in 2008 as a principal dancer with New York City Ballet, popular opinion had him aiming at a ballet company directorship. But he has taken a more surprising direction, becoming an all-around arts advocate. He is involved in Musicorps, which helps war veterans ; he's on the President's Committee on the Arts and the Humanities; and he directs the Aspen Institute Arts Program.For dance lovers, though, Mr. Woetzel, 46, has had a particular impact as the director of the Vail International Dance Festival, through his unusual breadth of taste and open approach.
3	 PARIS — The scene at Charles de Gaulle Airport on Tuesday underscored an all-too-familiar trope about France.With air traffic controllers on strike, tourists from around the world arrived in Paris to find themselves stranded, many unable to make connecting flights to other parts of the Continent. The three-day strike, which began Tuesday, sought to protest a proposal to accelerate the integration of air traffic management systems across the Continent. But for some it mainly served to highlight France's stubborn singularity, which has made the country increasingly uncompetitive in European and global marketplaces .
1	 Man-Made Quakes: Scientists see a link between earthquakes and the disposal of wastewater from oil and gas wells, including those that use the production method known as hydraulic fracturing .This fall her neighborhood in the northeastern part of this city has been shaken by dozens of minor earthquakes.  We would just have little trembles all the time,  she said.Even before a magnitude.5 quake on Saturday knocked objects off her walls and a stone from above her neighbor's bay window, Ms. Sexton was on edge. People are fed up with the earthquakes,  she said.  Our kids are scared.
0	  Chris Davis extended his torrid start with a grand slam and five runs batted in, and the Baltimore Orioles used a five-run eighth inning to beat Minnesota, 9-5, on Friday in their home opener .Davis became the fourth player in major league history to homer in his first four games of the season, joining Willie Mays, Mark McGwire and Nelson Cruz . He is 9 for.600) with four homers and 16 R.B.I. I don't feel like I have anything magical,  Davis said.  I feel comfortable, and I feel like I'm being patient. I'm taking what they give me.
4	 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The lieutenant governor of Florida, Jennifer Carroll, abruptly resigned on Tuesday, the result of a criminal investigation into an Internet sweepstakes company for which she once served as a consultant .Ms. Carroll, 53, the first African-American woman to serve as lieutenant governor in Florida, had soared in state Republican politics in the past decade . But her tenure as lieutenant governor has been marred by scandal and poor judgment, and Ms. Carroll was increasingly viewed as an embarrassment to the man who chose her for the job. Gov . Rick Scott .
3	  California, widely seen as a model for how individuals will buy health insurance under the new health care law, announced Thursday that 13 insurers had been chosen to sell policies through the insurance marketplace — or exchange — being created under the law. State officials said that rate increases for individuals who already had insurance would not be as high as some had feared. Blue Shield of California, for example, estimated its current customers would see rate increases of about 13 percent. Some estimates had suggested rate increases could be 30 percent.
3	  WASHINGTON — With its new budget deal, Congress has avoided one threat of another government shutdown . But unless Congress acts, the threat of a breach of the debt ceiling looms early next year, the Treasury Department warned in a letter to congressional leaders on Thursday. Treasury Secretary Jacob J . Lew said that the government might run out of cash to pay the country's bills by late February or early March.
0	 PARIS — Maria Sharapova and Jelena Jankovic have been battling each other since they were girls, after they were plucked from their homes and settled at the Bollettieri Academy in Florida to be turned into champions. Their relationship can be diplomatically described as frosty, and Jankovic has long existed in the considerable shadow of the more successful Sharapova .But on Wednesday, Jankovic pushed Sharapova as far as she could before Sharapova prevailed, 0-6, 6-4, 6-3, to advance to the French Open semifinals.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Less than five years after California voters approved a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, the fate of that referendum — and the ability of thousands of gay men and lesbians to marry — is expected to be decided by the United States Supreme Court this week.But even as the decision is awaited, there is not much apprehension here, in the current epicenter of the fight over same-sex marriage .
4	 The director of Minnesota's health insurance exchange, April Todd-Malmlov, abruptly resigned this week, making the exchange the fourth state program to see a leadership change in the midst of mounting criticism over the rollout of President Obama's new health care law.At a news conference on Wednesday, Ms. Todd-Malmlov's successor was quick to promise fixes to problems still plaguing consumers, many of whom are worried about getting coverage by Jan. 1, when new policies under the law are set to take effect.
1	 For a strange sexual history, it's hard to beat birds. In some lineages, bird penises have evolved to spectacular lengths. Ducks, for example, have corkscrew-shaped penises that can grow as long as their entire body. They use their baroque genitalia to deliver sperm to female reproductive tracts that are also corkscrew-shaped — but twisted in the opposite direction .In other lineages of birds, however, the penis simply vanished. Of the,000 species of birds on Earth, 97 percent reproduce without using the organ.
3	 BERLIN — Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany vowed Wednesday to fight a European Union investigation into her government's policy of exempting hundreds of companies from a surcharge on electricity that is used to promote renewable resources.Ms. Merkel insisted that promoting solar and wind energy was crucial to German competitiveness, but she also noted that other issues were at stake. This is about companies, and when it's about companies, it's about jobs,  she told lawmakers Wednesday, shortly before European Union officials announced the investigation.
2	 Few chamber groups deploy their musicians as oddly as the Bowed Piano Ensemble. The 10 players, students led by the composer Stephen Scott, stand around, and sometimes under, a concert grand, armed with items of all kinds — nylon fishing line, piano hammers, guitar picks, strips of paper, rolls of plumber's tape — and reach into the instrument to draw sounds from its strings. The music is tactile and otherworldly, sometimes percussive and often lyrical.Mr. Scott formed the ensemble in 1977 as an outgrowth of a new-music group he directed at Colorado College in Colorado Springs, where he has taught since.
2	 It was only a matter of time before Hollywood, where antidepressants are common as after-dinner mints, turned them into a high-stakes movie thriller.That film, called  Side Effects,  is directed by Steven Soderbergh, and set for release by Open Road Films on Feb. 8. Its stars include Rooney Mara, Jude Law, Channing Tatum and Catherine Zeta-Jones.Its release has come with a side effect of its own: the announced retirement of Mr.
0	 If it were not bad enough that the Yankees missed the playoffs for only the second time since, and if there were not enough agony with all the injuries and the losses and the Alex Rodriguez story leaving a sour taste for everyone, surely the final indignity came the night before Halloween when their archrivals became champions — again.For the third time since 2001 — technically the start of the 21 st century — the Boston Red Sox won the World Series ; the Yankees have won only one in that period.
3	  HONG KONG — Iron Man has proved his might at the Chinese box office . Now Disney is betting that the Marvel superhero has enough muscle to complete a turnaround at its underperforming theme park here — a task of crucial importance as the company hurtles toward the opening of a mega-resort in Shanghai.An Iron Man -themed thrill ride, photo pavilion and shopping area will open at Hong Kong Disneyland in late, said Thomas O. Staggs, Disney's theme park chairman.
2	 Fifty years ago Wednesday, Rob Petrie opened the front door of his home in New Rochelle, N.Y., and admitted two visitors. Their arrival collapsed a studio audience in laughter and, amid the watershed year of, perhaps nudged the needle of social change toward integration and inclusiveness.The moment was the climactic scene of the season-opening episode of  The Dick Van Dyke Show,  one of the most popular series on television that year. It's worth revisiting as a then-and-now study in how television effects transformation.
0	 SECAUCUS, N.J. — It was a year later than expected, but the Houston Astros selected Mark Appel, a starting pitcher out of Stanford, with the first pick in Major League Baseball's first-year player draft on Thursday night .In the 2012 draft, Appel was expected by many to be taken by Houston with the top pick, but he was passed over as speculation swirled that his contract demands did not fit into the plans the Astros had for their assigned bonus pool. After falling to the Pittsburgh Pirates at No.
1	 Atherosclerosis — the buildup of fats and cholesterol on the artery walls that can lead to stroke and heart disease — is generally considered a problem of modern times, a result of fatty diets and inactive lifestyles. But a new examination of mummies from ancient cultures suggests that the disease appeared long before the arrival of junk food and flat-screen televisions .Researchers performed CT scans on 137 mummies, including Egyptians, Peruvians, Aleutian Islanders and ancestors of the Pueblo people of the American Southwest.
2	 When it comes to television, we're in a bull market for doomsayers. It's the end of the broadcast networks, as their signals are pirated and their quality is eclipsed by cable and online shows. It's the end of commercial TV, as the advertising dollars move to the Internet . It's the end of entertainment, as attention spans shrink to the length of a YouTube video .And yet the shows keep coming. The 2013 summer season, which got under way this week, presents worthwhile options even beyond the 34 new and returning series, mini-series, movies and online originals listed in this preview.
0	  Alex Rodriguez arrived at Yankee Stadium on Friday afternoon to a throng of reporters waiting to ask him for a comment. Tell me what happened,  Rodriguez said, puzzled.He was directed to a television monitor in the clubhouse that was broadcasting Andy Pettitte's news conference announcing that he would retire at the end of the season. Pettitte and Manager Joe Girardi were making assurances that the weekend, festooned with farewell tributes, would not be a distraction. The sideshow, this time, would not involve Rodriguez, and Rodriguez did not seem to notice the sideshow.
0	  John Tavares had two goals and an assist Thursday as the Islanders rallied past Toronto, 5-3, and moved within 2 points of the Maple Leafs for fifth place in the Eastern Conference .The Islanders overcame an early 2-0 deficit to win the first of five straight road games they will play to end the regular season . They improved to 13-5-2 away from home and earned their fifth win in six games while chasing their first playoff berth since.
4	  SAN JOSE, Calif. — This metropolis of nearly a million residents is the third- largest city in California, home to tens of thousands of technology industry workers, as well as many thousands more struggling to get by. Yet even here, in the city that bills itself as the capital of Silicon Valley, the economic tidal wave that has swamped Detroit and other cities is lapping at the sea walls. San Jose now spends one-fifth of its.1 billion general fund on pensions and retiree health care, and the amount keeps rising.
2	 Benjamin Britten fans have plenty to look forward to in the coming months, with a multitude of centennial celebrations taking place .Trinity Wall Street is contributing to the festivities with a five-month festival featuring his orchestral, vocal and chamberworks. On Sunday a candlelit concert includes Julian Wachner conducting the Choir of Trinity Wall Street in Britten's  Sacred and Profane.  On Thursday afternoon, the program features Britten's Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings and the song cycle  Les Illuminations.  (8 p.m., Sunday, St . Paul's Chapel, Broadway at Fulton Street ; 1 p.m.
4	  WASHINGTON — Faced with steep cuts to their budgets, federal public defenders around the country have furloughed or laid off hundreds of lawyers and other staff members, spent less on expert witnesses and cut back on case -related travel.The cuts for the 2014 fiscal year will most likely result in staff reductions of 30 percent to 50 percent, they said. And some public defenders are even considering closing their offices because of a lack of money .
4	  ATLANTA — The State of Georgia has suspended 19 employees who were responsible for investigating accusations of sexual abuse and misconduct in the state's juvenile justice facilities after an internal review revealed that work on the cases was repeatedly delayed.Another report expected soon is likely to show those delays were even more widespread than initially believed, state officials said in a statement this week. It is a disturbing breach of confidence and fundamentally unacceptable,  Avery D. Niles, the commissioner of the Georgia Department of Juvenile Justice, said in a statement.
4	  WASHINGTON —  A federal judge on Friday sharply and repeatedly challenged the Obama administration's claim that courts have no power over targeted drone killings of American citizens overseas. Judge Rosemary M. Collyer of the United States District Court here was hearing the government's request to dismiss a lawsuit filed by relatives of three Americans killed in two drone strikes in Yemen in: Anwar al-Awlaki, the radical cleric who had joined Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ; Mr.
0	  LOS ANGELES — The baseball teams that met here on Monday, both with losing records and far from first place, are not alone among Southern California underachievers. The premier team in town, the Lakers, exited the N.B.A. playoffs without a victory despite a roster of stars.One of the Lakers, point guard Steve Blake, took in Sunday's game here and met with the Dodgers' catcher, A.J. Ellis. They talked knowingly about the fallacy of the superteam, Ellis said Monday, agreeing that there is no such thing.
2	 Oscar season increasingly begets movies about movies, or movies that remind us of other movies, and this year's batch is no exception. The release of  Saving Mr. Banks,  telling the story of the writer P. L. Travers's tangles with Walt Disney, has led Disney (the company, not Uncle Walt himself) to rerelease   Mary Poppins   in a joint DVD/ Blu-ray edition, ahead of the film's 50th anniversary next year.
3	 As money flowed into the island's banks after Cyprus joined the European Union in, the country embarked on a construction boom . He landed a lucrative roofing job, at first for sleek homes and shops, and then for the mansions that took over olive groves and vineyards. The demand for his skills only accelerated after the country was admitted into the euro currency union in.But in the last two weeks, he has watched his finances slide as the foundations of his country crumble during the collapse of the banking system.
0	 AUSTIN, Texas — David Ash threw four touchdown passes and ran for another as No. 15 Texas shook off a slow start to roll over New Mexico State 56-7 Saturday night .Ash threw two interceptions in the second quarter and the Longhorns' new up-tempo offense stalled as the Aggies took a 7-0 lead. Ash then connected on touchdown passes of 54 and 66 yards to John Harris and Daje (duh-jay) Johnson in the final two minutes of the first half.
3	 The private mortgage-backed securities market grew to be a virtually inscrutable giant. Each securitization contained thousands of mortgages and as many as dozens of different securities, some of which could emerge unscathed even if others produced total losses for investors .Five years after it began to blow up, that market can be seen as having failed twice — once before the housing crisis began and again when the crisis was at its peak. Investors put money into deals that never should have been financed, then panicked when the credit crisis arrived and dumped securities that really were likely to pay off.
3	 Scrambling to stave off an imminent collapse of Alitalia, the airline's board voted unanimously late Friday to approve a rescue package of 500 million euros, or $676 million, for the carrier that was likely to result in its partial renationalization five years after it was rescued from bankruptcy.But the plan, in which Italy's state-owned post office, Poste Italiane, could join existing shareholders and banks to help recapitalize the company, was met with skepticism from industry analysts who said they were not convinced the partnership could form the foundation of a sustainable recovery for Alitalia.
4	  BOSTON — Some of the most enduring myths of this city are starting to crumble. Whitey Bulger, the notorious gangster who was on the lam for 16 years, is behind bars. The thieves who snatched priceless art from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in 1990 were identified this month.And now, Thomas M. Menino, the only mayor for an entire generation of Bostonians, is hanging up his spurs .At an emotional announcement Thursday inside Faneuil Hall, Mr.
0	 NEW YORK — Even at the end of an exhausting series, the Arizona Diamondbacks are a determined bunch in extra innings .Cliff Pennington hit an RBI single with two outs in the 15th and the Diamondbacks, boosted early by Gerardo Parra's bunt double, finally outlasted the New York Mets 5-4 in a back-and-forth classic Thursday to split a draining four-game set at Citi Field .
4	 Two families from the Crow Indian Reservation in Montana can proceed with a lawsuit against an F.B.I. agent that accuses him of failing to properly investigate crimes against American Indians on and around the reservation, the United States Supreme Court has ruled.The court declined last month to reverse a 2010 federal court ruling that said the F.B.I.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a pair of 5-to-4 decisions that divided along ideological lines, the Supreme Court on Tuesday made it easier for inmates to challenge their convictions.In McQuiggin v. Perkins, No. 12-126, the majority said that a one-year filing deadline for prisoners seeking federal review of their state court convictions under a 1996 law may be relaxed if they present compelling evidence of their innocence.
3	 A Boeing 787 test plane flew for more than two hours on Saturday to gather information about the problems with the batteries that led to a worldwide grounding of the new jets more than three weeks ago .The flight was the first since the Federal Aviation Administration gave Boeing permission on Thursday to conduct in- flight tests . Federal investigators and the company are trying to determine what caused one of the new lithium-ion batteries to catch fire and how to fix the problems .
0	  MIAMI — When the Miami Heat won their first championship in, then-coach Pat Riley decided to enter the following season without major roster changes.Many players showed up for training camp out of shape, and the Heat eventually got swept in the first playoff round .This time, Riley believes, things will be much different. He doesn't see any way that a core of LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh would go into any season — much less one where they could win a third straight title — not prepared to chase another championship .
3	 SOON after landing a job at a Manhattan law firm nearly 20 years ago, Sara Horowitz was shocked to discover that it planned to treat her not as an employee, but as an independent contractor. I saw right away that something wasn't kosher,  Ms. Horowitz recalls. Her status meant no health coverage, no pension plan, no paid vacation — nothing but a paycheck. She realized that she was part of a trend in which American employers relied increasingly on independent contractors, temporary workers, contract employees and freelancers to cut costs .
0	 POTOMAC FALLS, Va. — Brad Dalke took the first-round lead Tuesday in the Junior PGA Championship and Samantha Wagner topped the girls' leaderboard.The 15-year-old Dalke, from Hobart, Okla., shot a 6-under 65 at Trump National Golf Club - Washington, D.C., and the 16-year-old Wagner, from Windermere, Fla., opened with a.Dalke had six birdies in his bogey-free round. I played really well all day and hit a whole lot of fairways and a lot of greens,  Dalke said.  I missed some medium-length putts and could have gone lower, but I'm happy with a, for sure.
3	  DETROIT — The Toyota Motor Corporation is expected to announce on Friday that it will expand production at its plant in Kentucky, most likely adding a line for the luxury Lexus sedan.Toyota currently does not build any luxury models in the United States . It does make the Lexus RX sport utility vehicle at its Lexus plant in Cambridge, Ontario, which is also expanding to accommodate a hybrid version of the S.U.V.
3	 NEW ORLEANS — BP is placing full-page advertisements in three of the nation's largest newspapers on Wednesday as the company mounts an aggressive campaign to challenge what could be billions of dollars in settlement payouts to businesses after its 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .The ad, scheduled to be published in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post, accuses  trial lawyers and some politicians   of encouraging Gulf Coast businesses to submit thousands of claims for inflated or nonexistent losses.
4	  WASHINGTON — Americans for Prosperity, the Tea Party group that has made rolling back the health care law one of its priorities, is starting a $2 million campaign of television, radio and Internet advertisements aimed at lawmakers facing tough re- election battles in four House swing districts.The group, backed by the billionaire industrialist brothers Charles and David Koch, is focusing on two Democrats — Representatives Ron Barber of Arizona and Scott Peters of California — about the problem-plagued rollout of the program's online health insurance exchanges .
4	  Gov . Phil Bryant of Mississippi has long wanted children to pray at public schools . This week, with his grandmother's worn Bible on his desk, he signed a bill that gets him closer to that goal.The new law requires public schools to develop policies that will allow students to pray over school intercoms, at assemblies and at sporting events .While not allowing school-sanctioned prayer, the law permits students to offer public prayers with a disclaimer by the school administration .
3	  WASHINGTON — Orders for long-lasting factory goods fell sharply last month as demand for commercial aircraft plummeted and businesses spent less on computers and electrical equipment. Manufacturing continues to struggle, and its weakness could prevent economic growth from picking up in the July-September quarter . Orders for durable goods dropped.3 percent in July, the Commerce Department said Monday, the steepest drop in nearly a year. But excluding the volatile transportation category, orders fell only.6 percent. Both declines followed three straight months of increases.Durable goods are items meant to last at least three years.
3	 LONDON — The social impact of the European economic crisis shows little sign of abating, with unemployment in Spain, Greece and other southern European economies expected to continue to rise through the end of next year, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said in a study published Tuesday . Joblessness is expected to continue edging up, to about 28 percent in Spain and Greece, 12.5 percent in Italy and 11 percent in France by the end of, the Paris-based O.E.C.D. said in its forecast .
3	  BEIJING — Chinese consumers are responding to a powerful new marketing tactic that plays to a widespread fear of food contamination: the promise of safe groceries sold online .With pledges to supply produce directly from the farm, vendors have found that food is becoming one of the fastest-growing segments of Internet retailing . They are benefiting from scares about products like cadmium-tainted rice and recycled cooking oil .The trend is adding momentum to a Chinese online retail boom driven by a rapidly expanding middle class, with companies like Cofco, one of China's top food processors and traders, and S.F.
0	 NICE, France — Lleyton Hewitt of Australia and fifth-seeded Andreas Seppi of Italy lost Monday in the first round of the Nice Open.Hewitt, playing in this tournament for the first time, was beaten by Pablo Andujar of Spain, 4-6, 6-3. Seppi fell to Lu Yen -Hsun of Taiwan, 1-6, 6-4. Lu will next play Andujar, a semifinalist at this month's Madrid Open .Carlos Berlocq of Argentina and Robin Haase of the Netherlands also advanced. Haase faces fourth-seeded John Isner of the U.S. in the next round.Berlocq didn't face a break point in his, 6-1 victory over Leonardo Mayer.
3	  Automakers have traditionally used the lease as a way of making high-end cars and trucks more accessible for consumers who could not afford the full sticker price . But today, with credit more available and consumer confidence increasing, automakers are extending the strategy to more moderately priced cars, which in turn is helping bring about surprisingly strong sales results.In August, automakers reported another month of double-digit increases, selling.5 million vehicles, a 17 percent gain over the same month last year. That puts the seasonally adjusted annual industry sales rate at a postrecession high of.09 million, up from.
4	  WASHINGTON — Republicans in Virginia awoke Wednesday with the knowledge that a bad streak had been extended: With the election of a Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, Republicans have lost seven of the past eight statewide, top-of-the-ballot races, including those for governor, senator and president — a run of misery dating to.While Mr. McAuliffe called for a spirit of bipartisanship in his first news conference as governor -elect, Republicans who viewed him as a flawed, beatable candidate were engaging in recriminations about how the party had gone wrong by nominating an outspoken social conservative, Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II.
0	  CHICAGO — White Sox bench coach Mark Parent was ejected from Sunday's game against the Texas Rangers .Parent was tossed during the pregame lineup exchange by crew chief and second base umpire Jerry Layne.It was his second ejection this season.
1	 We are each home to about 100 trillion bacteria, which we carry with us from birth till death. But when Juliette C. Madan was trained as a neonatologist in the mid-2000s, her teachers told her in no uncertain terms that we only acquire those bacteria after we are born.  It was clear as day, we were told, that fetuses were sterile,  she said.Dr. Madan is now an assistant professor of pediatrics at the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, and she's come to a decidedly different view on the matter.
3	  OAKLAND, Calif. — When people talk about the future of health care, Kaiser Permanente is often the model they have in mind.The organization, which combines a nonprofit insurance plan with its own hospitals and clinics, is the kind of holistic health system that President Obama's health care law encourages.Kaiser has sophisticated electronic records and computer systems that — after 10 years and $30 billion in technology spending — have led to better-coordinated patient care, another goal of the president.
4	 NEW ORLEANS — Arriving in the waning weeks of a quiet hurricane season, Tropical Storm Karen chugged its way toward the Gulf Coast on Friday, prompting the usual preparations and drawing federal response workers out of furloughs.The slowly weakening storm was moving toward land at around 7 miles an hour, and was 235 miles southwest of the mouth of the Mississippi River . It is expected to slow considerably before making a right turn toward the Alabama and Florida coastline, but it is likely first to pass across the southeastern tip of Louisiana on Saturday night .
4	 When she was, Cheri Huber considered her skin splotchy and pasty. She began going to a tanning salon about three times a week. There were tanning businesses everywhere,  said Ms. Huber, now 41 and living in Kingwood, a Houston suburb.  I said, 'This must be cool to do because everybody's doing it.'  Ms. Huber continued her tanning regimen for more than a decade, eventually buying a tanning bed. In, she was treated for melanoma and has been in recovery for almost five years. I wish I was a little more educated,  Ms. Huber said about her tanning routine.
4	 Although they know they could face repercussions, they have banded together to push the new pope to clean house and the American bishops to enforce the zero-tolerance policies they adopted more than a decade ago .The group began organizing quietly nine months ago without the knowledge of their superiors or their peers, and plan to make their campaign public this week. Most in the steering group of 12 have blown the whistle on abusers in the past, and three are canon lawyers who once handled abuse cases on the church's behalf. Four say they were sexually abused as children.
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans cut back on spending in April after their income failed to grow, a sign that economic growth may be slowing. Consumer spending dropped a seasonally adjusted .2 percent in April, the Commerce Department said on Friday. That was the first decline since May. It followed a.1 percent increase in March and a.8 percent jump in February.A drop in gasoline prices most likely lowered overall spending . Adjusted for inflation, spending ticked up.1 percent in April. Still, that was the smallest gain since October.
3	 NEUQUÉN, Argentina — On the windswept Patagonian steppe, crews of roughnecks are drilling around the clock in pursuit of a vast shale oil reservoir that might be the world's next great oil field .But that ambition hinges on an improbable alliance between the American oil giant Chevron and Argentina, a politically volatile country with a history of hostility toward foreign investors . What brings them together is the dream of an enormous bounty from the field, called Vaca Muerta, or Dead Cow.
0	  BOSTON — Red Sox Manager John Farrell sat in the interview room in Detroit's Comerica Park last week and explained why Shane Victorino had been hit by so many pitches, 24 in all. Victorino had been crowding the plate, Farrell said, ever since he stopped switch-hitting and started batting right-handed full time in August.Victorino poked his head through a side door, smiling and listening as Farrell praised him. He gave Farrell two thumbs-up and then rolled up his left sleeve, revealing a sizable bruise on his left shoulder, before slipping out from where he came.
0	  ORLANDO, Fla. — Carmelo Anthony was the last player to leave the locker room after Monday's game here against the Magic, and he was dressed for the trip back to New York: slim -fitting slacks, blue sweater, pageboy cap. As far as these things go, he looked composed.He could not hide his limp, however, and within the Knicks' already topsy-turvy environment, yet another injury — this one to the team's leading scorer — ran the risk of erasing what little momentum they had gained with a narrow win over one of the worst teams in the league .
3	 FRANKFURT — The decision by Jörg Asmussen to leave the European Central Bank will deprive the policy-setting body of a financial expert who had helped sell its policies to a skeptical German public, despite his occasional disagreements with Mario Draghi, the bank's president.But Mr. Asmussen's departure — to take a job with Chancellor Angela Merkel's new government in Berlin — opens the door for the appointment of a woman to the otherwise all-male top echelon of monetary decision-making in the euro zone .
0	  WASHINGTON — On a day that had already featured a pair of marathon games elsewhere in baseball and a doubleheader the next day, the Minnesota Twins and Washington Nationals needed to end extra innings in a hurry. Ryan Doumit made sure they did.Doumit singled in the go-ahead run, Joe Mauer homered, doubled and singled, and the Minnesota Twins defeated the Washington Nationals 4-3 in 11 innings Saturday. With a split doubleheader tomorrow, the last thing we need on both sides was to go deep into extra innings,  Doumit said.
3	 On a cold October morning, just after the federal government shutdown came to an end, Jenner Barrington-Ward headed into court in Boston to declare bankruptcy.It took weeks to put the paperwork together, given that her papers and belongings were scattered across the country — there was a broken-down car and boxes of paperwork in Virginia Beach, clothes in Colorado and personal possessions at a friend's house in Somerville, Mass. She managed to estimate her income — maybe,000 last year, but maybe half that this year — from odd jobs . Soon, she would officially have nothing.It has been a painful slide.
3	 STRASBOURG, France — The European Parliament on Tuesday scrapped proposals by health officials that electronic cigarettes be tightly regulated as medical devices, setting the stage for a debate in the United States over the extent of regulation . European lawmakers endorsed a permissive approach to the sale and use of e-cigarettes, although the products could not be sold legally to anyone younger than. The Food and Drug Administration in the United States has said it wants to issue regulations on the nicotine-delivery devices soon.
4	  Federal officials said Friday that they had approved a novel proposal from Arkansas to expand Medicaid by buying private coverage for poor people through the insurance marketplace being set up under the new federal health care law .The Arkansas program, expected to cover more than,000 people, sets a precedent of national significance. It offers a hybrid coverage plan calculated to appeal to Republicans, taking federal money for the expansion of Medicaid and using it to purchase commercial insurance .Other states, including Iowa, Ohio and Pennsylvania, have expressed interest in similar approaches.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama, declaring that  Americans across the country are already paying the price of inaction,  announced sweeping measures on Tuesday to reduce greenhouse gas pollution and prepare the nation for a future of rising temperatures.Embracing wholeheartedly an issue that could define his legacy but is sure to ignite new political battles with Republicans, Mr. Obama said he would use his executive powers to require reductions in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted by the nation's power plants .
3	  The federal government helped bring the economic recovery to a virtual halt late last year as cuts in military spending and other factors overwhelmed the Federal Reserve's expanded campaign to stimulate growth .Disappointing data released Wednesday underscore how tighter fiscal policy may continue to weigh on growth in the future as government spending, which increased steadily in recent decades and expanded hugely during the recession, plays a diminished role in the United States economy .
0	  The Tampa Bay Rays are probably headed to the playoffs for the fourth time in six seasons. The Yankees, who spend about $167 million more on their payroll, will probably be eliminated in the next few days. Very reasonably, the Yankees have asked themselves why they must spend so much for players, while other teams can win for much less.This is part of the driving force behind the Yankees' goal of getting below the $189 million payroll threshold for next season. Mainly, they want to take advantage of lucrative financial incentives built into the collective bargaining agreement .
2	 Opera companies have long been accustomed to changing casts around, sometimes at the last minute. Now the Metropolitan Opera, which has been placing a premium on theatrical values in recent years, is growing adept at switching directors, too.The Met has tapped Richard Eyre to direct a new production of Mozart's  Nozze di Figaro  that will open its 2014-15 season on Sept. 22, 2014, scrapping plans to use a recent Glyndebourne production by another British theater director, Michael Grandage.Peter Gelb, the Met's general manager, said that Mr.
3	  Stocks wavered and closed lower today as investors weighed the minutes from the Federal Reserve's July policy-setting meeting.By the end of trading, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, which fell following the 2 p.m. release, closed.6 percent lower, the Dow Jones industrial average was.7 percent lower and the Nasdaq composite lost.4 percent. The minutes showed that Federal Reserve policy makers were considering tapering off their huge economic stimulus efforts, according to the official summary, but they did not yet have a clear consensus about the timing of their actions.The S.& P.
2	 BURBANK, Calif. — In the coming movie  Saving Mr. Banks,  a comedic drama about the turbulent making of   Mary Poppins   in the 1960s, Walt Disney acts in a very un- Disney way. He slugs back Scotch. He uses a mild curse word. He wheezes because he smokes too much. Saving Mr. Banks,  which stars Tom Hanks as the mustachioed founder of the Walt Disney Company and Emma Thompson as the cantankerous novelist P. L. Travers, is a small movie that cost less than $35 million to make.
4	 KILLEEN, Tex. — The judge overseeing the military trial of the Army psychiatrist charged in a deadly shooting rampage at the Fort Hood base denied on Thursday his former lawyers' request to limit their role in the case . The ruling came a day after the lawyers said they could no longer assist him because he was seeking the same goal as prosecutors — to be sentenced to death .The psychiatrist, Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, released his court-appointed Army defense lawyers so he could represent himself, a rare if not unprecedented move in a military capital-punishment case .
2	 Perhaps, by way of illustrating the deeply surreal, snake-eating-its-own-tail nature of Sofia Coppola's new film,  The Bling Ring,  it's best to start with a simple exchange between reporter and director.The movie tells the story of a real-life gang of reality-television -addled teenagers who, one burgled celebrity residence at a time, became a criminal organization responsible for the theft of millions of dollars worth of designer dresses, expensive watches and, almost, Paris Hilton's tiny dog.The story seemed a natural fit for Ms.
3	  WASHINGTON — A bizarre but seemingly legal idea to get around the country's debt ceiling using a trillion-dollar coin is having its day in Washington .The proposal, which originated in economics and business blogs and has a vanishingly remote chance of happening, has won ample attention and garnered new controversy as Republicans and the White House seem to be headed for yet another standoff over a legal limit on the country's debt — a fight that may come as soon as next month.On Wednesday, the idea of a trillion-dollar coin made it all the way to the White House .
0	  SALT LAKE CITY — Marvin Williams scored five points in the final two minutes, Gordon Hayward broke out of a shooting slump to score 29 points and the Utah Jazz earned their first back-to-back wins of the season with a 109-103 victory over the Houston Rockets on Monday night .With Utah clinging to a 101-98 lead, Williams stole James Harden's pass and raced down for a dunk with 2 minutes left. Williams then hit a 3-pointer from the top of the key with 59 seconds to go to boost the lead to.
2	 On Monday afternoon Jonas Kaufmann stood in his dressing room at the Metropolitan Opera holding up his hands, which were stained red. He had just rehearsed Act II of a new production of  Parsifal,  in which he sings the title role, and although he had stripped off the makeup and slipped into jeans and a crumpled shirt, there were parts of his skin where the stage blood just wouldn't come off.There is lots of blood in this production, which is directed by François Girard and will receive its Met premiere on Friday evening .
3	  The Cuckoo's Calling   became the publishing sensation of the summer when word leaked that its first-time author, Robert Galbraith, was none other than J. K. Rowling, the mega-best-selling creator of Harry Potter .Mystery solved? Maybe not. It's no surprise that  The Cuckoo's Calling,  a detective story set in a London populated by supermodels and rock stars, shot to the top of best-seller lists once the identity of the author was revealed.
2	 Ben Vida played acoustic guitar and trumpet in the Chicago minimalist quartet Town & Country, which for nearly 10 years used repetition, drones and delicate, drumless sonorities to get to intense places carefully, like post-prog chamber music, or a Slint-Morton Feldman collaboration.These days, he's making abstract electronic music that combines digital and analog synthesizers — methodical and strange and delicate and often beautiful — sometimes evoking sounds in nature or the world of acoustic instruments, but twisted and morphed. He'll be playing a new piece,  Damaged Particulates,  this week. (8 p.m.
2	 When the new season of the television comedy   Arrested Development   was released on Netflix on May, Andy Gilleand, a 26-year-old student in Mishawaka, Ind., watched all 15 episodes in a single eight-hour session.Binge viewing isn't new, but what Mr. Gilleand did next is, signaling a new wrinkle in the increasingly interactive experience of watching television : he uploaded the episodes to his computer and re-edited the series, unpacking the show's original nesting-doll narrative and presenting it in chronological order. Then he posted links to his edited episodes on Reddit, a social media and entertainment site.
1	  WASHINGTON — Cars that can park, brake at a sign of danger and navigate in traffic are on their way to dealers' showrooms, turning science-fiction fantasies of consumer -owned self-driving vehicles into a new reality.But as private investors have been pushing ahead to develop the systems needed for these new robotic machines, one crucial innovator has been largely out of the loop: the United States military .The armed forces have lagged in deploying their own versions of unmanned road vehicles, despite goals to create machines that could replace  boots on the ground  in conflicts.
3	 In the recovery so far, small businesses have largely been left behind. Initially, loans were hard to come by and consumers weren't shopping. Now, small-business owners say, Washington is throwing up additional roadblocks.In survey after survey, owners of small businesses report unbridled pessimism about the economy . The small-business optimism index from the National Federation of Independent Business — a major industry group for small businesses that surveys a sample of its members each month — is stuck at recessionary levels.
1	 Almost all of the 451 chimpanzees owned or supported by the National Institutes of Health that are now at research facilities should be permanently retired from research and moved to sanctuaries, with planning for the move to start immediately, a report from an N.I.H. council unanimously recommended Tuesday.The report, approved by the N.I.H. Council of Councils, is the latest step in a process that began more than two years ago when the agency began to review its use of chimpanzees in research. Its recommendations will be open to public comment for 60 days, and in late March, Dr. Francis S.
3	  WASHINGTON — The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits rose by,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted,000, an increase largely caused after California processed a huge backlog of claims and after the partial government shutdown prompted some companies to cut jobs .The Labor Department said on Thursday that the less volatile four-week average rose,000, to,000. The rise in both the weekly figures and the four-week average comes after applications hovered near a six-year low the previous week .
0	 Two spectacular goals from Robin van Persie helped Manchester United begin its Premier League title defense with a 4-1 win at Swansea .David Moyes's first league match as manager of United could not have gone better. Suddenly, the pressure of following his predecessor, Alex Ferguson, who won 38 major titles in nearly 27 years at Old Trafford before retiring, does not feel so heavy.  It's one game in, and from that point of view, it's just the start for me,  Moyes said. Van Persie put United ahead with an acrobatic volley in the 34th minute.
4	 At Luke Air Force Base in Arizona, the first casualty of the federal government's spending cuts might seem frivolous: its biennial air show.But it is a vastly popular spectacle that doubles as an open house for the base, which is about 15 miles west of the center of Phoenix . Some,000 people watched it in, gawking from inside and outside the base as fighter jets made impossible maneuvers in the sky. The show was scheduled for mid-March .
3	 Morphsuits, the Scottish company behind the goofy, often garish bodysuits, transformed a drunken prank at a stag party into a multimillion-dollar costume phenomenon, thanks in part to the growing popularity here of celebrating All Hallows' Eve each Oct. 31.Much to the consternation of some, Halloween, with all its silliness, is even eclipsing Guy Fawkes Day, the 400-year-old British festival on Nov. 5. We are very much in the throes of Halloween mayhem at the moment,  said Gregor Lawson, one of three founders of Morphsuits, a unit of AFG Media based in Edinburgh.
3	 What do you call the man who is trying to sabotage Chrysler's initial public offering by threatening to harm the company, perhaps fatally, if the offering is completed?There has never been a proposed I.P.O. like Chrysler's.How is it different?First, the preliminary prospectus filed by the company this week has only one underwriter listed, JPMorgan Chase . A typical offering by a large company will have at least a few underwriters . Every investment bank wants some of the profits, and the company wants maximum distribution .
2	 EARLY in the new Netflix series   House of Cards   the narrator and card player Representative Francis Underwood, played by Kevin Spacey, looks straight into the camera and tells viewers:   Power is a lot like real estate . It's all about location, location, location. The closer you are to the source, the higher your property value. Underwood is speaking at a presidential inauguration, just outside the Capitol in Washington .
3	 A shudder went through Wall Street on Friday after the revelation that Bloomberg News reporters had extracted subscribers' private information through the company's ubiquitous data terminals to break news.The company confirmed that reporters at Bloomberg News, the journalism arm of Bloomberg L.P., had for years used the company's terminals to monitor when subscribers had logged onto the service and to find out what types of functions, like the news wire, corporate bond trades or an equities index, they had looked at.
3	 Earl Wilson/The New York Times (Barra; John F. Martin for General Motors (Boler-Davis and Howell; Joe Wilssens for General Motors (Lieblein.The announcement that Mary T. Barra will become the first female chief executive of General Motors is more than a human resources changeup. It's a nod to the changing times.Her appointment culminates a period when women in the auto industry have been taking over senior roles in traditionally male-dominated areas like purchasing, manufacturing and quality control .Eight years ago, three of G.M.'s 54-person senior leadership group were women. Today, in a downsized company after its bankruptcy, six of G.M.
4	  Tornado Aid Fires Up Budget Debate: The Times's Peter Baker on the fiscal arguments beginning to burn through Congress, touched off by President Obama's promise to help victims in Oklahoma . WASHINGTON — President Obama vowed Tuesday to marshal the resources of the federal government to help the victims of Oklahoma's killer tornado as lawmakers on Capitol Hill began debating the fiscal consequences of the storm in an era of austerity .Promising to provide Oklahoma  everything that it needs right away,  Mr. Obama dispatched W. Craig Fugate, director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to coordinate recovery efforts.
2	 PARIS — Last month the film   Blue Is the Warmest Color   was the toast of Cannes. A drama about young lesbian love, it was so celebrated for its explicit sex scenes that it won the festival's top prize. Since then it's being castigated for those very same scenes.On the Riviera in May, the critics gushed. The graphic sexual encounters were so magnificent, The Guardian wrote, that  they make the sex in famous movies like, say, 'Last Tango in Paris,' look supercilious and dated.
2	  Harvey Weinstein, well, not so much.But now the film producer may have to adopt the air of mystery for which Salinger was so famous. His company is preparing to offer a peek at a documentary about Salinger that is one of the unlikeliest projects ever to join its menagerie of potential Oscar contenders and box-office bait.The film,  Salinger,  has been nine years in the making and is scheduled for release on Sept. 6.
3	  Companies like Panasonic and Toshiba are diverting engineers and money away from their TV operations and into developing  smart appliances  after losing out in the living room to cheaper Asian rivals .A fridge that texts pictures to show what is for dinner, a voice-controlled washing machine — appliances like these are being designed to talk to each other via the cloud to cut energy bills .For now, they are expensive, deterring buyers : A Japan -only Toshiba smart fridge with camera runs to about,800 versus less than $800 for a basic model.
4	 Miosotis Munoz stood outside the main entrance to Montefiore Medical Center in New York on Tuesday, calling out to the throng of patients, hospital workers and other passers-by with all the enthusiasm of a carnival barker. But on this day, Ms. Munoz was selling health care, not hotcakes. Do you want to learn more about affordable health care ?  she asked, in English and Spanish, near a promotional sign for New York's health insurance marketplace that read  Today's the Day. Ms.
2	 During a symposium in Juilliard's Peter Jay Sharp Theater on Wednesday afternoon, audience members listened intently to a 1947 recording of the tenor Richard Tucker singing the Jewish prayer  Yiru Eineinu,  his voice hauntingly expressive and soulful as he sang the melismatic music. It was as if the Met Opera became a synagogue, and I mean that in the best possible way,  the tenor Neil Shicoff said during the symposium, explaining how Tucker transferred the emotion of his cantorial singing to his operatic performances.  There was always intensity and heart,  Mr.
4	 Despite billions of dollars nationwide from tobacco taxes and settlements with manufacturers more than a decade ago, only two states are poised to meet federal recommendations for tobacco prevention spending during the 2014 fiscal year, an alliance of advocacy groups said in a report issued on Monday.The Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and four other organizations estimated that states would earn about $25 billion next year in revenue that is linked to tobacco, including $7 billion from settlements between states and leading tobacco companies .
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Some of the most significant moments in recent history of the British Open at Muirfield have come on the 17th hole. Ernie Els recovered from a mini-collapse with a birdie that put him into a playoff he won in. Jack Nicklaus took the outright lead in 1966 by reaching the par 5 in two shots for a birdie that carried him to his first claret jug . It's where Lee Trevino chipped in for par, which ultimately denied Nicklaus a shot at the third leg of the Grand Slam and demoralized Tony Jacklin.But it's not just Muirfield .
1	  LOS ANGELES — Ten months after Curiosity's daring Mars landing, the NASA rover is finally about to pack up and head toward the base of a mountain.Discoveries and longer-than-expected scientific studies delayed the much-hyped drive to Mount Sharp, where scientists are eager to examine the tantalizing rock layers for signs of the chemical building blocks of life. Most people are getting a little antsy,  deputy project scientist Joy Crisp said Wednesday.
2	 With 13 main-slate features to go between now and next Sunday, the last week of the New York Film Festival reinforces the impression that this is an exceptionally wide-ranging, even sprawling event. You could say that the festival, in its 51 st edition, has one foot in the high end of the American commercial mainstream, and another in the realm of international art cinema .That's a bit reductive, of course, and not only because we are dealing with a many-footed creature that encompasses robust documentary sidebars, tributes and revivals, and Views From the Avant-Garde, a centipede in its own right.
4	 In the days before Aaron Alexis called the police in Newport, R.I., to complain that he was hearing voices sent by a  microwave machine,  employees at the Residence Inn in nearby Middletown were struggling to cope with his behavior.Daily logs kept by the hotel detailed how on successive nights, he knocked on doors to find the voices, woke up a person in one room and frightened another so badly she asked to move. Then came a call from his employer. Brenda from The Experts Inc. called re: Mr.
0	  SAN DIEGO — Clayton Kershaw struck out 10 in seven dominant innings, Yasiel Puig and A.J. Ellis hit two-run homers and the NL West champion Los Angeles Dodgers defeated the San Diego Padres 4-0 Saturday night .Kershaw (15-9) lowered his major league -leading ERA to.88. He leads the NL with 224 strikeouts.Kershaw held San Diego in check on three hits after losing to the Padres in three other starts this season .The left-hander is trying to become the first pitcher to lead the majors in ERA in three consecutive seasons since Atlanta's Greg Maddux from.
4	  DENVER — Utah's embattled attorney general, John Swallow, resigned Thursday amid persistent questions about whether he had committed widespread ethics violations, saying the legal fight had become too costly. This is a somber day,  Mr. Swallow said at a news conference at the state Capitol in Salt Lake City .  I have vigorously maintained my innocence of all allegations. Pressure had been mounting for months on Mr. Swallow to resign.
4	 AUSTIN, Tex. — For years, Gov . Rick Perry has urged Texas lawmakers to resist the temptation to tap the billions of dollars in a state emergency account known as the Rainy Day Fund .Generated largely by taxes on oil and gas production, the fund has been a frequent source of political turbulence, as Democrats have sought to use it for public education and other services while Republicans have resisted, arguing that it was meant to cover emergencies and not recurring expenses . In January, in his first State of the State speech at the Capitol here, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — When the existence of a vast Internet surveillance program run by the National Security Agency was disclosed last month, Obama administration officials quickly took credit for having shuttered the effort in. But two Democratic senators who have been longtime critics of the N.S.A.'s domestic surveillance operations are now challenging the administration's version of events, and say the program was abandoned only after they repeatedly questioned its usefulness and criticized its impact on the privacy of American citizens .
0	 HOOFDDORP, the Netherlands — Major League Baseball wants to play ball, exhibition games or even regular-season games, in Europe. But the ballpark it is eyeing for possible games lies not in big sports centers, like London with its Wembley Stadium, or Paris, with the Stade de France, but this midsize Dutch town on land that until about 150 years ago lay deep under water.
2	 Brooklyn, with its reputation for nurturing rap and indie music, may not seem like the most obvious place to hold the Video Music Awards — with its emphasis on pop stars like Katy Perry and Bruno Mars.But when MTV executives chose to stage the awards program at Barclays Center this year, they decided to give it a Brooklyn vibe. So, perhaps inevitably, the V.M.A.s, to be broadcast at 9 p.m. on Sunday, will showcase the work of a famous Williamsburg artist, as well as brownstones and young Brooklynites.
0	  OAKLAND, Calif. — The Oakland Athletics do not stink. But their stadium did. On a Sunday last month, the A's and the Seattle Mariners ended a game to find that sewage had backed up through the drains of the team clubhouses and the offices of coaches and umpires, who surely called it foul.The swamp, a foot deep in spots, wrecked the carpet in the tiny clubhouses, and the A's and the Mariners were moved upstairs to the football locker room of the Raiders . The umpiring crew left without showering.
4	  WASHINGTON — Some of President Obama's closest advisers are rethinking their plans to leave the White House, to help him regain his political standing and to avoid perceptions that staff members are either escaping or being forced out in a time of duress.Among them are Alyssa Mastromonaco and Rob Nabors, both deputies to the White House chief of staff, Denis R. McDonough. Ms. Mastromonaco and Mr. Nabors have been with Mr. Obama from the beginning of his presidency, and Ms. Mastromonaco since the start of his Senate career.
4	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — For decades, Cardinal Roger M. Mahony was the convener and the star of the nation's largest annual gathering of Roman Catholics, which opened here on Thursday.This year, though, Cardinal Mahony was nowhere to be seen at the gathering, the Religious Education Congress . His workshop on immigration was canceled. The cardinal was relieved of his public duties last month by his successor after the release of,000 pages of internal church files revealing how Cardinal Mahony protected priests accused of sexually abusing minors.
3	  WASHINGTON — Unless Congress acts, during the last week of December an estimated .3 million people will lose access to an emergency program providing them with additional weeks of jobless benefits . A further,000 will be denied benefits in the first quarter of. Congressional Democrats and the White House, pointing to the sluggish recovery and the still-high jobless rate, are pushing once again to extend the period covered by the unemployment insurance program .
2	 Record Store Day, the annual retail promotion started in 2008 to help struggling independent stores, depends on musicians and labels providing retail outlets a slew of releases not available anywhere else, most of them on vinyl.On Saturday, record collectors will crowd into 700 stores around the country to snap up the limited pressings, making it one of the biggest sales day of the year for many such stores . It's a huge day for us,  said Josh Madell, a co-owner of Other Music at 15 East Fourth Street, in the East Village .
4	  MIAMI — Six months after Florida became the butt of late-night jokes for a chaotic voting process that bedeviled the 2012 presidential election, the State Legislature passed a bill on Friday to remedy many of those problems. Gov . Rick Scott and Republican lawmakers made overhauling the election system a priority this year. Their push to change the law — a redo on a much-criticized bill passed in 2011 — was a response to waits of hours by voters in several counties and a flawed early voting program.
1	 When hyperactivity is found in children with severe hearing loss, it is often assumed to stem from frustrations they have communicating or socializing. But a new study says a genetic defect in the inner ear may also play a role in causing hyperactive behavior, suggesting that at least in some cases, hyperactivity can have a neurobiological root.Researchers at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx caused inner-ear defects in young mice by knocking out a gene called Slc12a, causing a loss of hearing and sense of balance.
2	 In only its third season Spring for Music has already reached its autumn.The festival was founded in 2008 by three idealistic veterans of the music business — David V. Foster, the president of the management firm Opus 3 Artists; Thomas W. Morris, a consultant and the artistic director of the Ojai Festival in California ; and Mary Lou Falcone, a public-relations consultant — to encourage and present adventurous programming by North American orchestras of various shapes and sizes. It had its first outing in, its second in.
4	 Ms. Hughes, who has tested positive for H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS, has struggled to find insurance coverage, because H.I.V. is considered a pre-existing condition. But even under the new law, Ms. Hughes said her care providers had advised her not to enroll in the federal health care exchange yet. It is unclear, they said, how the law will affect H.I.V. care when marketplace coverage begins Jan. 1. Right now we get good care, and I'm not interested in having my stuff all shifted around,  she said from her Houston home.Ms.
3	 PARIS — Personal investigations by Ikea 's French unit were not limited to its own employees.The sweep included Pascal and Johanna Denize, a Swedish couple in their early 40s. The Denizes, Internet entrepreneurs, crossed paths with Ikea after buying a four-bedroom vacation home in the French region of Brittany in November.They ordered,000 euros, or,740, of furnishings — including an entire kitchen setup, bathroom fixtures and beds — from an Ikea store located in Évry, south of Paris.Delivery was arranged for mid-December, and the couple made plans to spend their Christmas break relaxing with friends in their new place.
0	  MILAN — Italian football authorities have handed out a 10- match ban to a player from amateur club Matera for racially insulting an opponent, under new tougher penalties introduced to combat racism.Midfielder Gaetano Iannini was given a red card in the first half of an Italian Cup first round match between Matera and Sudtirol on Sunday and his unprecedented 10- match ban was announced by the league's disciplinary board in a statement on Wednesday.
3	 Cove Point, Maryland — Deep in a narrow underwater tunnel, workers wearing hard hats pedal bicycles towards a terminal, an island of gray pipes and pilings a mile off the Western Shore of Maryland on the Chesapeake Bay . When it originally opened in, the chilly passageway was intended to bring liquefied natural gas from large tankers onshore to the Dominion Cove Point facility, where it was warmed, turned back into gas and sent on to customers .But Cove Point has had a sporadic history and has not been visited by a tanker for delivery since 2011 thanks to reduced U.S.
4	  BOSTON — The major political question here is whether Representative Edward J. Markey, a longtime member of Congress whose liberal views generally reflect those of Massachusetts voters, could actually lose the special election for the Senate seat vacated this year by John Kerry .Mr. Markey, 66, who was first elected to Congress in, is facing Gabriel Gomez, 47, a Republican and untested political newcomer. Mr.
1	 About.5 billion years ago — around the time life is thought to have first arisen on Earth — Mars had a large freshwater lake that might well have been hospitable to life, scientists reported Monday.The lake lay in the same crater where NASA's Mars rover Curiosity landed last year and has been exploring ever since. It lasted for hundreds or thousands of years, and possibly much longer.Whether any life ever appeared on Mars is not yet known, and Curiosity was not designed to answer that question.
3	  WASHINGTON — More than two dozen of the nation's biggest corporations, including the five major oil companies, are planning their future growth on the expectation that the government will force them to pay a price for carbon pollution as a way to control global warming .The development is a striking departure from conservative orthodoxy and a reflection of growing divisions between the Republican Party and its business supporters .
4	  WASHINGTON — Prospects for passage of a new farm bill before the end of the year appear dim, with just a week left before Congress adjourns for the holidays, although lawmakers insisted they were close to a deal.The current measure expires at the end of the month. Members of the House and Senate have been meeting to reconcile their different versions of a new bill, and they agree on many things, including expanding crop insurance for farmers . But they remain far apart on issues like cuts to the food stamp program .
2	 Any list of great achievements credited to   Breaking Bad,  the darkly comic AMC series about a chemistry teacher turned meth-cooking gangster, must include the almost mythological resonance it has bestowed on its setting, Albuquerque . The show, whose final season of eight episodes begins on Sunday, has been shot in so many locales around this colorfully tatty city that a visit now seems like a jaunt through a studio backlot. And as mundane as those sites may appear, to a fan, they have acquired the patina of the hallowed.
1	 At a time when large dams are being taken down, not put up, the state of Alaska is proposing to construct one of the tallest and most expensive hydroelectric dams ever built in North America .The Alaska Energy Authority is planning to build a 735-foot, $5.2 billion structure on the Susitna River in a largely empty south-central part of the state, which is watered by runoff from the arc of the Alaska Range. The dam, designed to generate up to 600 megawatts of electricity, would create a new power supply for more than two-thirds of the state's population.
2	 You could call 2013 the Year of the 30-Something, as two of classical music's most prestigious bastions opened their doors to children of the 1980s. The polymathic Nico Muhly, born in, became the youngest composer to have a commissioned work performed at the Metropolitan Opera when his  Two Boys  had its American premiere in October. In April, Caroline Shaw (1982) was the youngest recipient of the Pulitzer Prize in Music for her rapturous  Partita for Eight Voices. Both were works adroitly balanced between new and old. Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative Trey Radel, Republican of Florida, announced late Wednesday that he would take a leave of absence from office after pleading guilty earlier in the day to a misdemeanor charge stemming from his purchase of cocaine here last month. He was sentenced to one year of probation.Mr. Radel said his  team  in Washington and in his southwest Florida district would take of his congressional business while he received what he called  intensive in-patient treatment.  I want to be a better man for southwest Florida,  Mr. Radel said in a:30 p.m.
0	 NEW YORK — Rising U.S. player Sloane Stephens took care of business against Fed Cup team mate and friend Jamie Hampton, powering her way to a 6-1 6-3 victory to earn a place in the round of 16 at the U.S. Open on Friday.In a showcase between two players among a promising group of emerging U.S. women, 15th seed Stephens used a combination of bigger groundstrokes and more accurate serves to charge past an error-prone Hampton in 63 minutes. I just tried to play my best. It's tough playing Jamie, a good friend.
4	  BOSTON — Gov . Deval Patrick on Wednesday appointed William Cowan, a Boston lawyer who is a longtime friend and former aide, to serve as an interim United States senator until voters chose a successor to John Kerry in a special election set for June.Mr. Cowan, 43, who is known as Mo, is a former partner in the politically connected law firm of Mintz Levin and will become Massachusetts' first black senator since Edward Brooke, a Republican, held the seat from 1966 to. His appointment makes Mr.
3	 A PORTFOLIO balanced between stocks and bonds, in a roughly 60-40 split, is a staple diet of investing. These two asset classes often move to different rhythms, so overall returns tend to have milder swings than either one experiences on its own.But this conventional mix may not be as appealing as it used to be, some investment advisers say. Bonds are extremely overvalued with yields at multiyear lows, they say, and while they view stocks as more reasonably priced, they acknowledge that the ups and downs of the last few months are liable to rattle investors' nerves.
1	  Kafkaesque  is not a word normally used to describe immune responses, but it's how Dr. Louis J. Picker described what his experimental vaccine did to his rhesus monkeys:  It's like their T-cells were turned into the East German secret police, hunting down infected cells until there were none left. Recent work by Dr. Picker, a vaccine expert at Oregon Health & Science University, has shaken up the long, frustrating search for an AIDS vaccine. His latest study, published in Nature last week, has scientists scratching their heads, wondering if it might open up a new avenue for research.Dr.
3	 PARIS — Europe slipped deeper into a widespread recession, according to data released Wednesday . But when European heads of state meet next week in Brussels, no big announcements about plans to stimulate growth are expected.As the euro zone economy shrank in the first three months of the year — a record sixth consecutive quarter — economists say the region seems to be in policy paralysis.With Germany, the Continent's economic heavyweight, in the grip of pre-election politicking, no big European policy moves are likely until after that country's elections in September.
4	  WASHINGTON — There are no farms in the city of Columbus, the capital of Ohio . Yet nearly 500 people living there received about.1 million in farm subsidies last year.They had plenty of company .Far from the nation's fields of wheat and corn, more than,000 people who live in the 54 largest American cities, including New York, Los Angeles and Washington, received about $24 million in farm subsidies last year, according to a report to be released Tuesday by the Environmental Working Group, a Washington research organization .
2	 Low-flying airplanes. Traffic noise. Squealing children. Oblivious vendors . Sun in your eyes. Rain on your head. And for festival die-hards, there's that infamous shoe-sucking mud. Music outdoors is almost inevitably bundled with distractions and annoyances — enough, at many open- air shows, to make me long for the more controlled environment of a theater or a club, where architecture and habit help keep the focus on the performance.But why gripe? For nearly half the year, music around New York City spreads outdoors, adapting to, and often thriving in, its new habitat. Let's look on the good side.
0	  CLEMSON, S.C. — This was Jameis Winston's introduction to stardom: silencing Death Valley on  Saturday night, quarterbacking Florida State to a signature win over Clemson and making a firm case for the Heisman Trophy . Winston is electrifying college football as a redshirt freshman, just as Johnny Manziel did last season. Florida State fans call him Famous Jameis. Remember the name, they say.On his first big stage, against his first big opponent, Winston showed why. He and No. 5 Florida State smashed No. 3 Clemson, 51-14.
3	 PARIS — French labor unions and business leaders struck a deal on Friday to overhaul swaths of France 's notoriously rigid labor market, moving to tame some of the most confounding rules in the,200-page labor code as the country tries to increase its competitiveness and curb unemployment .The changes would include giving employers more flexibility to reduce working hours in times of economic distress without incurring union strikes . High levels of compensation that courts can award to laid-off workers would be trimmed.
0	 As the situation with the Miami Dolphins was escalating, Calvin Hill recalled the rigors of his N.F.L. rookie -hood, and not with particular fondness.Hill was a star running back at Yale and a first-round pick in the N.F.L. when he was selected by Dallas in the 1969 draft.His first test came when the Cowboys rookies played an Oakland team that had first, second- and a few third-year players. The Cowboys were trying Hill at linebacker and tight end, where they had him against Oakland .
2	 Some movie directors prefer to work consistently in one genre that has proved congenial; Alfred Hitchcock would be the pre-eminent example. Other directors seek to challenge themselves by spreading a wider net. Although George Cukor (1899-1983) may be best known for sophisticated romantic comedies like  Holiday,   The Philadelphia Story  and  Adam's Rib,  he ventured into many different arenas over the course of a 50-year career.
3	 LONDON — BT Group, the British telecommunications giant, said Wednesday that Ian Livingston was resigning as chief executive to become the British minister for trade and investment .Mr. Livingston, 48, will leave BT in September after five years in the job and will be replaced by Gavin Patterson, chief executive of its consumer division, BT Retail, in September, the company said in a statement.Mr.
4	 As the much-anticipated health care exchanges opened amid bitter partisan debate and technical problems, the federal government released data late Tuesday showing that about 100 insurers were participating in the federally run marketplaces, offering more than,700 varieties of health insurance plans .As anticipated, the premiums vary widely from state to state and region to region, the data shows, from $100 a month for a 27-year-old in one Oklahoma county who chooses the lowest-level bronze plan to more than,900 for someone of the same age choosing the highest-level gold plan in a Virginia suburb of Washington .
3	  DETROIT — Volkswagen, the largest of the European automakers, will bring its first electric car to the United States in two years, joining an increasingly crowded field of battery-powered vehicles on the market .A Volkswagen official said on Tuesday that the e- Golf — an electrified version of the company's subcompact car — would go on sale in 2015 as part of a broader plan to introduce more alternative- fuel models.It is an important step for a company that is trying to expand rapidly in the United States, but has not kept pace with the market recently.
2	  A dozen years ago the Mostly Mozart Festival epitomized much of what was wrong with the tradition-bound ways of classical music .Certainly, a powerhouse institution like Lincoln Center, in America's cultural capital, could come up with something fresher each summer than a calcified festival offering listlessly played performances of boring programs under the banner of Mozart.In, the musicians of the Mostly Mozart Festival Orchestra called a strike over job security . Lincoln Center immediately canceled all 20 concerts the ensemble was scheduled to perform .
3	 E.C.B.'s Draghi on Rates: CNBC coverage of comments by the head of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, on the latest meeting of the bank's governing council .FRANKFURT — The euro zone has stabilized markedly in the last year, Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, said on Thursday, as he offered a slightly more upbeat assessment of the prospects for growth . We are seeing possibly the first signs this significant improvement in confidence and interest rates is finding its way to the economy,  Mr.
1	 Birds are migrating earlier and earlier each year, and scientists have long suspected that climate change is responsible. A new study by researchers at the University of East Anglia in England shows that individual birds migrate like clockwork, but nesting and hatching are happening earlier as a result of warmer temperatures, and this appears to be linked to the advancing of overall migration patterns.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Internal Revenue Service 's special scrutiny of small- government groups applying for tax-exempt status went beyond keyword hunts for organizations with   Tea Party   or  Patriot  in their names, to a more overtly ideological search for applicants seeking to  make America a better place to live  or  criticize how the country is being run,  according to part of a draft audit by the inspector general that has been given to Capitol Hill .
4	  MIAMI — Sharp increases in federal flood insurance rates are distressing coastal homeowners from Hawaii to New England and are starting to hurt property values and housing sales in areas just beginning to recover from the recession, according to residents and legislators . In recent weeks, the hefty flood insurance rate increases brought about by a 2012 law have stoked widespread alarm and uncertainty, prompting rallies, petitions and concern among state governors . Mississippi has sued the federal government to try to block the law.
2	 When a jittery Richard Pryor emerges from underneath a desk in  Uptown Saturday Night,  playing a black private eye who is not a sex machine to anybody, a jolt of adrenaline shoots into this sluggish comedy that keeps it wired long after he's gone.In a virtuoso sendup of  Shaft -style cool, he agrees to find a missing wallet, but not before somehow negotiating his price through the floor, confessing to being lonely and then nervously ducking out a window, after which he's arrested.
4	  SACRAMENTO — California has been Exhibit A for the fiscal upheaval that has rocked states throughout the recession . Year after year, California officials reported bigger and bigger deficits and sought to respond with spending cuts that left the state reeling.So it was something of a moment when a jaunty Gov . Jerry Brown strode before cameras here on Thursday to present his budget for. The deficit is gone,  Mr. Brown proclaimed, standing in front of an array of that-was-then and this-is-now charts that illustrated what he said were dramatic changes in California's fortunes.
4	 A Louisiana sheriff has apologized for the arrests of as many as a dozen or more men in recent years on charges that they violated an anti-sodomy statute that has been ruled unconstitutional by the United States Supreme Court .On Saturday, The Advocate newspaper in Baton Rouge reported that a community policing unit of the East Baton Rouge sheriff's office had been arresting men who discussed or agreed to meet privately to have consensual sex with undercover officers . Some of the arrests went as far back as 2011 and some were as recent as this month.
3	 Patients injured by a flawed hip implant sold by Johnson & Johnson have directed their anger at myriad places over the years. The regulatory system that allowed the product's sale. The company that repeatedly denied problems with the device . Even the doctors who implanted the hips.Now, some patients have found a new target for their ire: the legal system and the lawyers they hired to sue Johnson & Johnson .At issue is the.5 billion plan announced last week to settle an estimated,000 lawsuits involving the all-metal hip device known as the Articular Surface Replacement or A.S.R.
2	 Theo Wargo/Getty Images; Chad Batka for The New York Times ; Michael Buckner/Getty Images for J/P Haitian Relief Organization and Cinema for PeaceHis schedule crowded and his list of collaborators long, Nico Muhly has many other projects planned for this year and next in addition to  Two Boys,  opening on Monday at the Metropolitan Opera .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Justice Department has notified a Somali-American man who was convicted this year of trying to detonate a bomb in Portland, Ore., that his trial included evidence derived from warrantless wiretapping, a move that could disrupt plans to sentence him next month.Three United States senators also sent a letter on Tuesday to Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. accusing the government of misrepresenting surveillance policy to the Supreme Court in a case last year.
1	 BAKERSFIELD, Calif. — A mysterious malady that has been killing honeybees en masse for several years appears to have expanded drastically in the last year, commercial beekeepers say, wiping out 40 percent or even 50 percent of the hives needed to pollinate many of the nation's fruits and vegetables .A conclusive explanation so far has escaped scientists studying the ailment, colony collapse disorder, since it first surfaced around. But beekeepers and some researchers say there is growing evidence that a powerful new class of pesticides known as neonicotinoids, incorporated into the plants themselves, could be an important factor .
4	  WASHINGTON — If Senator John McCain had an inkling of curiosity how his old buddy Chuck Hagel felt as the senator raked him over the confirmation coals on Thursday, Mr. McCain would get a slight taste an hour later during his own rendezvous with rudeness.That is when Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky took to the Senate floor to deride Mr. McCain's opposition to his measure that would punish Egypt as  spurious and really, frankly, absurd,  not the first time Mr. Paul has wielded verbal scythes toward his colleagues .
4	 Nearly two-thirds of Americans favor giving illegal immigrants in the country an opportunity for legal status with a path to citizenship, according to a poll published Thursday by the Public Religion Research Institute and the Brookings Institution . Support for an earned path to citizenship for those immigrants came from 71 percent of Democrats and also a majority, 53 percent, of Republicans, the poll found.The option that drew the least support in the poll was legal residency for illegal immigrants with no path to citizenship : only 14 percent of Americans favored that approach.
0	  CHICAGO — In case there were any doubts, the Chicago Blackhawks are showing they can be resilient as well as dominant.They made it look easy in the regular season . But they had to dig deep in the playoffs.The Blackhawks dug their way out of a 3-1 deficit to Detroit in the Western Conference semifinals to take the series in seven games, beating the rival Red Wings 2-1 on Brent Seabrook's overtime goal Wednesday night .
3	 WHAT would the country's  most notorious patent troll  advise a guy under attack from a patent troll? Or, put more judiciously, a company that bears the outward appearance of a patent troll?I posed this question to the man with the notoriety, Erich Spangenberg, who runs IPNav, asking if he had any words of advice for a Chicago entrepreneur named Peter Braxton. Mr. Braxton, a former Air Force pilot, was in desperate shape when we first spoke about a month ago — so desperate that he was borrowing money from his mother and brother for living expenses .
1	 They were supposed to be respirator masks, but as a dark post-9/11 joke, some workers at ground zero called them  neck protectors.  The masks were so cumbersome and uncomfortable that many yanked them off and left them hanging around their necks.Even those who kept them on were not necessarily protected. Many of the masks that were rushed to the site after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks were the wrong type, or had the wrong filters. Many workers were not properly trained to use them.
4	  WASHINGTON — Gov . Rick Scott of Florida added his voice Tuesday to calls for Representative Trey Radel to resign from Congress after pleading guilty to cocaine-related charges here last week. We have to hold all of our elected officials to the highest standards,  Mr. Scott told reporters in Florida, adding,  My prayers and my wife's prayers are with his family. On Monday night, Lenny Curry, the chairman of the Republican Party of Florida, called on Mr. Radel, 37, to step down.
4	 Both sides in a nation sharply divided over guns seem to agree on at least one thing: a bigger role for the insurance industry in a heavily armed society. But just what that role should be, and whether insurers will choose to accept it, are much in dispute. Lawmakers in at least half a dozen states, including California, Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York and Pennsylvania, have proposed legislation this year that would require gun owners to buy liability insurance — much as car owners are required to buy auto insurance .
4	  President Obama 's conciliatory gesture toward the press this week — a review of Justice Department investigations involving journalists — struck some national security reporters as closing the door after the sources have already bolted.In announcing the review in his speech on Thursday, the president said he was troubled that recent investigations, which involved the extensive tracking of a Fox News reporter, James Rosen, and the seizing of phone records at The Associated Press,  may chill the investigative journalism that holds government accountable.  Journalists say that chill has already set in.
2	  Crossing the Line, a rich multidisciplinary festival produced annually by the French Institute Alliance Française, opens on Thursday with the United States premiere of  Systema Occam,  a richly sensual work by the French composer Éliane Radigue and the visual artist Xavier Veilhan. Ms. Radigue, an electronic-music pioneer whose elemental works reach New York far too infrequently, has recently turned her attention to creating intensely focused pieces for acoustic instruments.  Systema Occam  involves Rhodri Davies, an arresting Welsh harpist.The cellist Charles Curtis, among the first beneficiaries of Ms.
0	 ROME — Group B leaders Italy seek to take another step towards World Cup qualification with victory against Bulgaria in Sicily on Friday amid speculation over who will succeed Cesare Prandelli as Azzurri manager. Local media have said he is expected to announce his exit once qualification has been secured, and then step down after next year's finals in Brazil .The Gazzetta Dello Sport have reported that Japan manager Alberto Zaccheroni is favourite to take charge, with Juventus manager Antonio Conte, Milan boss Massimiliano Allegri and former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini also in the frame.
4	 RICHMOND, Va. — In the first Republican road test of a potentially torrid campaign issue, speaker after speaker at the party's Virginia state convention over the weekend inveighed against the government's targeting of conservative groups to inspire and motivate activists .The tone ranged from outrage to black humor. But at each mention in the cavernous Richmond Coliseum here on Saturday, the,000 delegates — foot soldiers most valued in this year's statewide elections — roared their approval.
0	 NEW YORK — Brian McCann arrived at Yankee Stadium on Nov. 19 and was greeted on the field by CC Sabathia and the pitcher's kids.McCann toured the opulent clubhouse, then went to a hotel room arranged by the team at the $695-and-up Mandarin Oriental overlooking Central Park . McCann merely had to take an elevator downstairs for a dinner with manager Joe Girardi and three other team executives at Porter House New York, a sleek steak restaurant in the Time Warner Center, filled with cherry wood floors and leather seating.
3	 In early May, thousands of protesters gathered in Valencia, Spain 's third- largest city, to demand a new investigation into a subway crash that killed 43 people in.The demonstration was inspired by an episode of the investigative television program  Salvados,  or  Saved,  in which the anchor Jordi Évole suggested that the authorities in Valencia had manipulated witness accounts in order to exonerate senior officials from any responsibility for the crash.By using the hourlong Sunday news program to denounce political, financial and even legal abuses of power, the charismatic Mr.
4	 The President in Prime Time: From Truman to Obama, a selection of televised addresses from the Oval Office on topics including tax cuts, race relations, energy shortages and war. WASHINGTON — At historic moments in the television age, past American presidents turned to the Oval Office as their stage.Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy interrupted prime-time shows to tell Americans from the Oval Office why they had ordered troops to desegregate schools . Bill Clinton broke into programming from behind the presidential desk three times in a month to explain military actions in Haiti and Iraq .
3	 I STARTED my company, the Buzz Marketing Group, when I was about 16 years old. I answered an ad to review products aimed at teenagers. I got a lot of samples to review, so I recruited friends to help, and by, I was on my way.I think most people who have their own businesses don't mind travel. Those of us with clients scattered across the globe need to fly to keep in touch with those people. If we're not flying, that means our businesses are failing. So I take the whole flying experience as it comes, and I enjoy it.
0	 A day after the Giants' defense took a major step backward when safety Stevie Brown was placed on injured reserve, the unit took two major steps forward . Jason Pierre-Paul, a defensive end who was nearly unstoppable when he recorded 16 ½ sacks and helped the Giants win the Super Bowl two years ago, was taken off the physically unable to perform list Monday. He was joined in practice by safety Antrel Rolle, who had been sidelined since Aug. 12 with a sprained ankle.Pierre-Paul's status for the season opener on Sept. 8 in Dallas remains uncertain.
3	 I WORKED in state public health for about 22 years and traveled quite a bit. About 18 years ago I was hired to open the C.D.C. Foundation, and now I'm flying even more.The foundation works with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, but we're an independent nonprofit organization created by Congress . We build partnerships and find resources to help the C.D.C. do its work faster and more flexibly. So most of my travel is bridge-building between donor programs and the C.D.C.
3	 These are good times for Libbey, a 125-year-old American glassmaker that nearly went bankrupt four years ago . The company's shares have risen to almost $20 from below, sales of its tableware are at a record high, and its energy-intensive factories saved more than $5 million in 2012 as natural gas prices fell .Despite all the upbeat news, however, Libbey recently announced it would lay off 200 workers at its plant in Shreveport, La., and move some production to Mexico as it cuts costs and discontinues several products.
0	 PARIS — Second seed Roger Federer produced a thrilling riposte to Gilles Simon's gallant attempt to knock him out of the French Open on Sunday to claim a 6-1 4-6 2-6 6-2 6-3 victory in front of a raucous late-evening crowd on Philippe Chatrier Court .Averting a mounting crisis in the middle of a spectacular fourth-round match, Federer won the last two sets to reach his 36th consecutive grand slam quarter-final and keep alive his hopes of a second title at Roland Garros .
4	 It is legal during legislative sessions for state officeholders to raise money for their favorite charities from the same people who are prohibited from donating to their political campaigns in that same time period.The charities are perfectly worthwhile — causes that range from heartwarming to life-changing . And prominent people lend their names to such causes all the time. There is, of course, nothing wrong with raising money for the charities, and no campaign laws are being broken.But the juxtaposition is thorny.
1	 PASADENA, Calif. — By today's standards, the spacecraft's technology is laughable: it carries an 8-track tape recorder and computers with one,000th the memory of a low-end iPhone . When it left Earth 36 years ago, it was designed as a four-year mission to Saturn, and everything after that was gravy.But Voyager 1 has become — thrillingly — the Little Spacecraft That Could.
2	 It's expensive to produce new ballets. There are few remarkable ballet choreographers to make them. The outcome is uncertain. Mixed repertory programs don't sell well. What audiences really want — and will pay for — are full-length story ballets, preferably   Swan Lake   or  The Nutcracker. So goes the refrain among a great number of North American ballet companies when talk turns to the scarcity of new works or ballet's imminent demise. (It's always terminal, apparently.
0	 ROME (AP) — Andy Murray retired from his second-round match with Spanish opponent Marcel Granollers at the Italian Open on Wednesday with lower back pain and considers himself doubtful for the French Open . Murray, who was celebrating his 26th birthday, walked off the court after winning the second set to even the match. I have an issue with my lower back,  Murray said.  It's been an issue for a while.  Murray took a long injury break early in the second set, getting his left thigh and lower back massaged.
0	 NEW YORK — Just for fun, let's turn back the baseball clock a few months.A well-rested Stephen Strasburg and the Washington Nationals are destined to face Josh Hamilton and the Los Angeles Angels in the World Series . The Houston Astros have the best record in baseball . Manny Ramirez is playing in Taiwan . And no one is quite sure how to pronounce the name of this Puig guy.
2	 If you ask Buddy Guy who embodies the future of blues guitar, he will point to a 14-year-old boy from Massachusetts named Quinn Sullivan.  Remember that name,  Mr. Guy said in a recent interview.  He sounds like Eric Clapton, B. B. King, me, Hendrix, everybody, man! Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans are more confident about the economy than at any time since July, a survey found, suggesting consumers will spend more and accelerate growth in the months ahead .The University of Michigan said on Friday that its final reading of consumer sentiment in July was.1. That's up one point from June and nearly 13 points higher than a year ago. Rising home prices and steady job gains are bolstering household wealth and income .
2	  LOS ANGELES — Billboards that buried the princesses in snow . TV ads that emphasized action and screwball comedy while playing down romance and sisterhood. Trailers that concealed the Broadway-style musical numbers.Was it enough to convince boys that  Frozen  is not just for girls?And then some: Walt Disney Studios said that its latest animated fairy tale took in an estimated $93 million between Wednesday and Sunday — one of the best Thanksgiving debuts on record, according to box-office analysts.
2	  A couple of years ago, when the Pixies were almost 300 concerts into their second life as reunited heroes of alternative rock, they played a casino in Canada . The symbolism stopped them for a moment: had the Pixies succumbed to stereotype and become an oldies act? It was like, Ha ha, here we are at the casino,  Charles Thompson, a k a Black Francis, the lead singer, said in an interview recently.
0	 It took four months, and one more delay Saturday, but the N.H.L. and the players union put the final details in place to lift the lockout, allowing the league to reopen and prepare for its first games of the 2012-13 season this coming Saturday.Finalization of the new collective bargaining agreement was delayed much of Saturday while lawyers for both sides completed a memorandum of understanding, a legally binding summary of the C.B.A. that was necessary for league business to resume. It was a final hitch in a lockout filled with delays, turnabouts and confusion.The lockout that began Sept.
4	  The American Civil Liberties Union announced on Monday that it had filed a lawsuit against the nation's Roman Catholic bishops, arguing that their anti- abortion directives to Catholic hospitals hamper proper care of pregnant women in medical distress, leading to medical negligence.The suit was filed in federal court in Michigan on Friday on behalf of a woman who says she did not receive accurate information or care at a Catholic hospital there, exposing her to dangerous infections after her water broke at 18 weeks of pregnancy .
4	  Voters want things. And politicians — officeholders, especially — are responsive to voters .Cranky people stuck in traffic are not happy people, and they pass their unhappiness along to those who represent them. Those same voters, in many cases, have already expressed unhappiness to those responsive and able officeholders about some other things, too — things that, in politics, might get somebody's mouth washed out with soap: taxes, debt and tolls.No need to start a pity party, but you can at least see the quandary for some lawmakers — especially the professional revenue haters.
0	  WASHINGTON — The Washington Nationals led by six runs midway through Tuesday's game against Arizona . They hung on to win, pulling their record to.500, but not before the Diamondbacks brought the go-ahead run to the plate in the ninth. Never easy, is it?  Manager Davey Johnson said later. Then he wearily apologized for the drama .  The bullpen's usually pretty good,  he said.  They're not used to having a big lead. This is not what Johnson expected.
2	  LOS ANGELES — The mission: re-create the history of the news media in two minutes or less.Some advice: You'll need every minute.Prologue, a digital design company in the Venice district here, was handed a script last year — a little more than one page in length — for the titles sequence of  The Fifth Estate,  the director Bill Condon's film about Julian Assange and WikiLeaks.In Mr. Condon's view, Mr.
3	 A new report by a public health advocate criticizes the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, a trade group presenting some,000 dietitians, for allowing corporate sponsorships of its organization.The report, by Michele Simon, a lawyer who specializes in legal issues involving the food industry, raises questions about the role big food companies play in the continuing education of the nation's nutrition experts and the ability of the group to challenge the industry on matters of health and nutrition.
3	 The stock market moved mostly higher on Thursday as Wall Street put the government shutdown and debt ceiling crisis behind it and focused on corporate earnings . The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose .61 points, or.7 percent, to close at a nominal record of,733.15. American Express and Verizon rose the most in the Dow Jones industrial average after reporting earnings that beat analysts' expectations . But the Dow slipped.18 points, or.01 percent, to,371.65, weighed down by declines in I.B.M., Goldman Sachs and UnitedHealth, which all reported disappointing financial results .I.B.M.
0	  RIO DE JANERIO — Brazil's government defended the country as host of the 2014 World Cup on Thursday, a day after FIFA President Sepp Blatter warned that recent protests meant it might have been the wrong choice.More than one million people took to the streets during last month's Confederations Cup — the warm-up for the World Cup — angry at Brazil's poor public services, contrasted with almost $14 billion spent on the World Cup .About the same amount will be spent on the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .
0	 NEW YORK — Braves outfielder Jason Heyward sustained two jaw fractures when he was struck by a pitch and will undergo surgery on Thursday.The Braves said that Heyward's jaw has been stabilized, and he was to return to Atlanta on Wednesday night in advance of the operation . The team will announce how long Heyward will be sidelined after surgery is completed.Heyward was beaned by a 90 mph fastball from New York Mets left-hander Jonathon Niese in the sixth inning of the Braves', 10-inning win on Wednesday.
1	 Based on their size, male koalas should have a mating call that sounds like a human baby's cry. But the call is actually closer in pitch to an elephant's rumble.That is because koalas have a special sound-producing organ not previously seen in any land-dwelling mammal, researchers say. In the larynx the vocal cords were normal, but outside there were these fleshy lips,  said David Reby, a researcher at the University of Sussex in England who was involved with the study, described in the journal Current Biology.
2	  DETROIT — Near the end of a July day here, the heat still hung close over St . Aubin Street, a boulevard of former urban glories being slowly pulled back to earth. Catherine Hardwicke, who was directing an episode of  Low Winter Sun,  the new series on AMC that will have its premiere next Sunday, had just finished shooting a scene at the impossibly ornate St . Albertus church. Now unsanctified and bereft of people, it once served up five Masses a day to its Polish parishioners .Ms.
3	  Stocks were driven sharply higher on the last day of the year by signs that a resolution to the fiscal negotiations in Washington could come within days. Traders hung on every word out of Washington on Monday, sending share prices on a jerky path upward on what is usually a quiet day of trading ahead of the New Year's Day holiday.It ended up being the best day for American stocks since the middle of November and was enough to push leading indexes into positive territory for December. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index finished the day up.
2	 HBO's  Treme  was an unlikely proposition from the start. It was predicated on a natural disaster, Hurricane Katrina, that happened five years before the show started, and that lag has always been awkward. The meticulous re-creation of not quite recent outrages — perpetrated by politicians no longer in office and cops already indicted — has made the show seem to be in a weird time warp all its own.Then there's the contradiction that can make watching the show a slightly queasy, off-putting experience.
0	  COLUMBUS, Ohio — For more than two hours, the red- white-and-blue -clad crowd stood and sang  Dos a cero! Dos a cero!  over and over and over.And 2-0 it was. The United States clinched its seventh straight World Cup appearance, getting second-half goals from Eddie Johnson and Landon Donovan on Tuesday night for the now traditional 2-0 home qualifying win over Mexico. It's become its own monster. People want to come to Columbus and see U.S.-Mexico. And so it's almost like the mecca really for us,  goalkeeper Tim Howard said.
4	 The Times is answering readers' questions about the new health care exchanges in the Your Money column. The latest one covered many of the basics. If you're still not sure how the law affects you and your family, please e-mail your questions to tsbernard@nytimes.com.Q. I am wondering whether moving to a new state is considered a life event under the Affordable Care Act . My state, Maine, has only two choices of providers and is said to be one of the most expensive states for health insurance .
3	  Labor leaders and businesses are closely watching a Supreme Court case to be argued this Wednesday that involves a popular strategy used by unions to successfully organize hundreds of thousands of workers.That strategy — widely deployed by the Service Employees International Union and the Unite Here hotel workers union — involves pressuring an employer into signing a so-called neutrality agreement in which the employer promises not to oppose a unionization drive. By some estimates, more than half of the recent successful unionization campaigns involve such agreements, which sometimes allow union organizers onto company property to talk with workers.
0	 IRVING, Texas — Dallas owner Jerry Jones says the Cowboys aren't ruling Tony Romo out of a winner-take-all game against Philadelphia because doctors could clear him after treating his back injury.Jones said on his radio show Tuesday that his quarterback has proven he can play with pain but won't if doctors advise against it.The Cowboys (8-7) and Eagles (9-6) are playing Sunday night in Dallas' third straight season finale against an NFC East rival with the division title and a playoff berth on the line.
3	  HONG KONG — The Obama administration and the European Union have each decided to negotiate settlements with China in the world's largest antidumping and antisubsidy trade cases involving China's roughly $30 billion a year in solar panel shipments to the West, officials and trade advisers in Beijing, Brussels and Washington said.The plan that is starting to take shape would essentially carve up the global solar panel market into a series of regional markets .
2	 History rarely reveals itself in tight clusters of change, but for close watchers of hip-hop hierarchies, the end of 2011 must have been a confusing time. J. Cole's debut album  Cole World: The Sideline Story  made its debut atop the Billboard album chart and was certified gold. A few weeks later, Wale's  Ambition  (his second album) had its debut at No. 2, and not long after that, Mac Miller's first album,  Blue Slide Park,  made its at No. 1.
0	 The best prospects in the world had gathered on the same field, so naturally, Pat Gillick was there. Gillick, the Hall of Fame executive, works for the Philadelphia Phillies but lives in Seattle . He never misses a Futures Game, and there he was, up in the stands, in the shade, watching batting practice on Sunday morning at sweltering Citi Field .At, Gillick still travels anywhere to see the best players, and the concentration of skills at one ballpark was too much to pass up. True high-end prospects, he said, are getting harder to find.
2	  TORONTO — Through much of August, Harvey Weinstein seemed to be slugging his way through a one- film Oscar fight. While most of the movie world was waiting out the end of the summer blockbuster season, Mr. Weinstein was waging an early campaign for his film   Lee Daniels' the Butler . Over the last 10 days, film festivals here; in Telluride, Colo.; and in Venice have presented films that promise to be part of a fiercely contested awards season .Mr.
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.02 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.04 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.03 percent.The following tax-exempt, fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKEl Paso, Tex., $68.2 million of combination tax and revenue certificates of obligation. Southwest Securities .
4	  WASHINGTON — The White House says it will give states more time to comply with the new health care law after finding that many states lag in setting up markets where millions of Americans are expected to buy subsidized private health insurance .Under the law, the secretary of health and human services was supposed to determine  on or before Jan. 1, 2013,  whether states were prepared to operate the online markets, known as insurance exchanges .
4	  WASHINGTON — When Stephen L. Holl, the chief of police at the Washington Metropolitan Airports Authority, gathered his staff for the regular morning meeting on Monday, he opened with a sobering assessment. It wasn't our turn this time,  said Mr. Holl, who oversees security at Reagan National and Dulles International airports.  Our turn could be next or it could be never.  We believe this could happen any time,  he later added.
2	  The Americans,  a new spy thriller starting Wednesday on FX, has a C.I.A. pedigree, is set in the geopolitical crucible of the cold war 1980s and stars Keri Russell playing against winsome type as a Communist hard-liner who is equally adept at seducing bureaucrats, kicking the heads of her enemies through walls or inserting a bit of propaganda into her son's homework.It has plenty going for it as a cloak-and-dagger series, in other words, especially in a prime-time era defined by another espionage drama,  Homeland.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — This is one baby picture you won't want to miss.The ALMA (AL'-mah) telescope in Chile has captured a close-up of the glowing material spewing from a newborn star.The stunning images show material streaming from the baby star at incredible speed, glowing as it plows into the surrounding gas and dust. Astronomers say these illuminated jets are spewing out faster than ever measured before and are more energetic than previously thought .The glowing mass is called a Herbig-Haro object, named after U.S. and Mexican astronomers. This one is,400 light-years away in the constellation Vela.
3	 LONDON — Charging 60 euros, or, for carry-on bags deemed too large to go in the cabin.Assessing a penalty of, or almost, for not checking in online .Bombarding passengers who take a:15 a.m. plane with in-flight announcements hawking everything, including snacks, lottery tickets and smokeless cigarettes.Michael O'Leary, the chief executive of the budget airline Ryanair, has vowed to address the criticisms that have made his carrier, Europe's biggest and most profitable, its most reviled.It is a change of heart motivated mainly by pragmatism. Even as Ryanair has added routes every few months, Europe's weak economy has taken its toll, leading Mr.
1	 The Vermont Yankee nuclear reactor, one of the oldest nuclear plants in the country and the subject of heated battles over the decades, will close late next year, the company that owns it announced on Tuesday, less than two weeks after winning a protracted legal fight against the State of Vermont to keep it open.The company, Entergy, said a long depression in natural gas prices had pushed the wholesale price of electricity so low that it was losing money on the reactor, which is on the Connecticut River in Vernon just north of the Massachusetts border.
1	 A hamburger made from cow muscle grown in a laboratory was fried, served and eaten in London on Monday in an odd demonstration of one view of the future of food.According to the three people who ate it, the burger was dry and a bit lacking in flavor. One taster, Josh Schonwald, a Chicago -based author of a book on the future of food, said  the bite feels like a conventional hamburger  but that the meat tasted  like an animal-protein cake.
4	 NEW ORLEANS — Citing  grotesque prosecutorial misconduct  on the part of federal lawyers here and in Washington, a judge on Tuesday threw out the 2011 convictions of five former police officers who had been found guilty in a momentous civil rights case of killing two citizens and engaging in an extensive cover-up in the days after Hurricane Katrina .In a heated 129-page decision, Judge Kurt D. Englehardt of Federal District Court here declared that federal prosecutors had created a  prejudicial, poisonous atmosphere  in making anonymous online comments before and during the trial at nola.
0	 LONDON — Tottenham Hotspur battled back for a 2-1 victory over struggling Fulham at Craven Cottage on Wednesday to ease the pressure on manager Andre Villas-Boas .But the victory, which came courtesy of Romania defender Vlad Chiriches' first goal for the club and a piledriver from substitute Lewis Holtby, only plunged Fulham deeper into trouble. It was very important for the team, for both teams . (We knew) a win today would be a big boost of confidence and it fell our way,  Villas-Boas told a news conference .
3	  SHANGHAI — China has taken another step toward loosening its capital controls and making its currency more freely convertible by approving the creation of a new kind of free trade zone here.China's State Council, or cabinet, said it was establishing a pilot zone in Shanghai to test some of the government's financial overhauls, including interest rate liberalization and full convertibility of China's currency, the renminbi, according to reports Thursday in the state-run news media .
2	 There was no shortage of technical prowess during an American Ballet Theater matinee of  Le Corsaire  at the Metropolitan Opera House in early June. In the central roles, the Russian stars Natalia Osipova and Ivan Vasiliev were earning thrilled bursts of applause for the height of their jumps and the speed of their multiple turns.Then Daniil Simkin, as Ali the slave, stepped proudly onstage and threw himself into a twisting, leg-scissoring jump that seemed to defy physics and gravity. The audience screamed, but Mr. Simkin, who became a principal at Ballet Theater in November, was already doing it again.
4	 IRVING, Tex. — A proposed shift by the Boy Scouts of America to drop its national ban on gay leaders and scouts, and allow local scout units to decide for themselves, was the center of attention as the organization's national board gathered here on Monday for a three-day meeting and a vote on the issue.
0	 PARIS — It is rare that Rafa Nadal steps off court at the French Open and talks about being made to  suffer  at the hands of an opponent .Yet such was the impact of Daniel Brands's free-swinging display in their first-round match on Monday that the seven- times champion was left scratching his head at how the German could be ranked 59th in the world. I don't know where Brands is in the rankings but I can tell you that he can't be around 60th.
2	  Let's divide into blonds and brunets,  Angelin Preljocaj told the group of male dancers with whom he was working out the timing of a sequence. The dark-haired men — Robert Fairchild, Amar Ramasar and Sean Suozzi — stepped forward and began a long, complicated section of a new work by Mr. Preljocaj that is to have its premiere on Thursday at New York City Ballet's fall gala. Wash, shoulder, roll, roll,  they chanted as they danced, calling upon mnemonic aids to reproduce the complicated gestural components of the choreography. At the end, Mr. Ramasar fell to the floor.
2	  Pole -dancing may be a recent fitness fad, right up there with aerial aerobics. But for the Filipina performance artist Eisa Jocson, it's the politically complex subject at the heart of her one-woman show  Macho Dancer.  The title refers to a form of nightclub entertainment in the Philippines performed by young men for both male and female clients . Ms. Jocson, who has a background in visual arts and exotic dancing, intends to raise questions about gender, seduction and the economics of performance.
4	  WASHINGTON — A veteran diplomat gave a riveting minute-by-minute account on Wednesday of the lethal terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya, last Sept. 11 and described its contentious aftermath at a charged Congressional hearing that reflected the weighty political stakes perceived by both parties .During a chaotic night at the American Embassy in Tripoli, hundreds of miles away, the diplomat, Gregory Hicks, got what he called  the saddest phone call I've ever had in my life  informing him that Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens was dead and that he was now the highest-ranking American in Libya.
2	 Overheatedly lurid and clinically chilly at the same time, the 1978 telekinesis-and-paranoia thriller  The Fury  is, for both devotees of its director, Brian De Palma, and hard-core horror fans (two groups that intersect more than a bit, something of a classic.The movie's reputation among enthusiasts, as well as its vintage star power (the movie's leads are Kirk Douglas and John Cassavetes, led 20 th Century Fox Home Entertainment, which owns the movie, to master the film for high-definition around five years ago .
2	 After 29 years with one of the world's most demanding ballet companies, some dancers might start to feel worn out. Wendy Whelan, the New York City Ballet principal, has the opposite problem. I'm a strange case,  Ms. Whelan said recently at her Upper West Side apartment.  I have a lot of energy, a lot of interest, a lot of desire. I want to keep exploring. But I'm in my mid-40s, so it's just different. They have to make space for the new people, and I understand that. But I still have so much left.
1	 Should some of the most social, intelligent and charismatic animals on the planet be kept in captivity by human beings ?That is a question asked more frequently than ever by both scientists and animal welfare advocates, sometimes about close human cousins like chimpanzees and other great apes, but also about another animal that is remarkable for its intelligence and complex social organization — the killer whale, or orca.Killer whales, found in all the world's oceans, were once as despised as wolves .
4	  WASHINGTON — Why did the Supreme Court agree in December to hear a major same-sex marriage case and then seem to think it had made a terrible mistake on Tuesday when it came time for arguments?The answer lies in the gap between two numbers. It takes four votes to hear a case and five to decide one.If nothing else, this week's arguments provided a telling glimpse into the process through which the court selects its docket, one that is usually shrouded in exceptional secrecy.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, is haunted by many things that emerged from the investigation of the December mass shooting at a Newtown elementary school . Among them is the nagging question of what prompted the gunman, Adam Lanza, to put down his rifle after killing 20 children and pick up the pistol he used to end his own life. We do know that historically in these instances, amateurs have trouble switching magazines,  Mr. Murphy said, referring to the high-capacity ammunition feeding device used by Mr. Lanza to shoot scores of bullets in seconds.
1	 When I studied to become a pilot, I learned the names of the winds . It's hard to not be charmed by their poetry — the Sahara's Harmattan, France's Mistral, and the Oe, that consonant-denuded Faroe Islands whirlwind.But this Aeolian aristocracy raises as many questions as it does Scrabble scores. Why are some winds named? And are Americans ready to rediscover their own terroir of tempests?Named breezes, says Vladimir Jankovic, a scientist at the University of Manchester in England, usually have distinct personalities — a recognizable cocktail of strength, season, direction, temperature, duration or precipitation.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Hollywood's all-important summer season began with a sonic boom over the weekend as   Iron Man 3  flew to a superheroic.3 million in ticket sales in North America, for a new global total of.1 million .
2	  It's like looking at the surface of a river,  the French composer Éliane Radigue said of her music in a short 2009 video portrait produced by the Austrian Institute for Media Archaeology.  There's an iridescence around the reefs, but it's never completely the same. According to the way in which you look, you can see the golden flashes of the sun, or the depths of the water. It would be hard to think of a more direct way to describe the workings of Ms.
4	  HOUSTON — Wealth has never had a stigma in the affluent suburbs of Fort Worth, where the town of Westlake landed, to no one's surprise, on Forbes' list of America's most affluent neighborhoods last year with a median income of,000.But in recent days, the implications of being rich have set off an emotional, angry debate that has stretched far beyond the North Texas suburbs, after a juvenile court judge sentenced a 16-year-old from a well-off family to 10 years' probation for killing four people in a drunken-driving crash.
4	  PORTLAND, Ore. — A 21-year-old Somali-American arrested here in late 2010 after pushing a cellphone button to trigger what he believed was a huge car bomb — in fact an elaborate and inert F.B.I. decoy device — was convicted on Thursday in Federal District Court of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction. He faces up to life in prison .The jury, deliberating for one day, rejected the assertion by the defendant, Mohamed Osman Mohamud, that he had been entrapped and induced into a terrorist act by F.B.I. agents posing as radical Islamic militants .
4	 STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — No cellphones, iPads or laptops will be allowed inside Juvenile Court here on Wednesday when two high school football players go on trial on charges of raping a 16-year-old girl last summer. Anyone who wants to post on Twitter or a blog will have to leave the building to do so.The ban, imposed to help ensure order in the courtroom, may be the first time that social media have been absent from a case that for months has been played out in the electronic world.
3	 A 24-year-old psychologist working for the British government, Mr. Gyani was supposed to come up with new ways to help people find work. He was intrigued by an obscure 1994 study that tracked a group of unemployed engineers in Texas . One group of engineers, who wrote about how it felt to lose their jobs, were twice as likely to find work as the ones who didn't. Mr. Gyani took the study to a job center in Essex, northeast of London, where he was assigned for several months.
1	 For decades, scientists and sea explorers have sought to hunt down and photograph the giant squid — a legendary monster of the deep with eyes the size of soccer balls and long tentacles lined with sucker pads. Dead specimens had been caught in nets or washed up on shore, but they revealed few of the species' behavioral secrets .Now, an expedition off Japan has captured video images of lively, iridescent giant squid moving in their deep lair. The video success appears to be a first; previous expeditions succeeded in capturing only still images of the animal in its habitat.
1	  LOS ANGELES — Earth, Mars, Jupiter and Neptune all have traveling companions — space rocks that share the planets' orbits as they circle the sun.Now scientists have discovered one that tags along with Uranus. About 38 miles wide, the icy rock runs ahead of the planet.The object was first spotted in 2011 by a group of Canadian and French scientists led by the University of British Columbia . The team reported the discovery in Friday's issue of Science.Some,000 space rocks are known to follow Jupiter, the most of any planet. Earth shares its orbit with a tiny asteroid.
2	 Just how far behind the scenes can we peer and still see something interesting?A new series on the Sundance Channel and a special on HBO invite fans of television and films to ask themselves that question. Both are certainly enjoyable, but they do suggest that the form has its limits.On Monday night, the Sundance Channel offers  The Writers' Room,  a series in which writers and others involved with the creation of a particular television show sit around a table and talk about what they do. Jim Rash of  Community  is host.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama next week will take the political risk of formally proposing cuts to Social Security and Medicare in his annual budget in an effort to demonstrate his willingness to compromise with Republicans and revive prospects for a long-term deficit-reduction deal, administration officials say.In a significant shift in fiscal strategy, Mr. Obama on Wednesday will send a budget plan to Capitol Hill that departs from the usual presidential wish list that Republicans typically declare dead on arrival . Instead it will embody the final compromise offer that he made to Speaker John A.
3	 Americans cut back on spending in February as cold weather and economic strain chilled their appetite for spring merchandise, retailers reported on Thursday.The nation's retailers said sales slowed in February, when most stores get rid of winter merchandise and bring in swimsuits, ankle-length pants and other spring fashions. Americans are dealing with a payroll - tax increase of two percentage points, income tax refunds that came later than usual and high gas prices . Widespread winter storms may also have made spring merchandise less appealing to them.
1	 LONDON — There was a Galápagos fern, collected by Charles Darwin himself. There were mahogany cabinets filled with plants from the East India Company, including the two tea leaves whose discovery launched the Indian tea trade . There was an antelope net made of baobab bark, from David Livingstone's storied Zambezi expedition more than 150 years ago .The public rarely gets to see these treasures. Along with more than seven million preserved plant specimens, they are hidden away in the Herbarium of Kew Gardens, which sits largely unnoticed beside the sprawling botanic garden that attracts a million visitors each year.
3	  DETROIT — General Motors said on Thursday that its net income declined 14 percent to $865 million in the first quarter, as it earned less money than a year ago in the surging North American car market .G.M., the nation's largest automaker, said global revenue dropped 2 percent during the quarter to.9 billion, despite a concerted effort to introduce new models in the United States and Europe .The automaker's core North American operations achieved a pretax profit of.4 billion, a 14 percent decline from the year-ago period.
0	  MINNEAPOLIS — Greg Jennings fought a stomach flu all game and was already halfway up the tunnel with what he thought was a victory under his belt when the Minnesota Vikings had to holler at him to get back on the field.Blair Walsh's 39- yard field goal was wiped away by a penalty, rendering the fireworks and the celebration premature. I didn't even see the flag; I was so ready to get in the locker room,  Jennings said.  Then I heard my name being called and having to go back out on the field.
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — The most popular equipment Merion was not a golf club but a squeegee.More heavy rain at the U.S. Open flooded a bunker by the 11th green and filled fairways with large puddles and tiny stream. The course was closed for four hours during the first full day of practice, and then shut down for good later in the afternoon.Brandt Jobe played three holes when he heard a horn to stop play. Jim Herman managed to play one hole.
3	 FÜRSTENFELDBRÜCK, Germany — Since BMW began the slow debut of its battery-powered car more than two years ago, the engineers from Bavaria promised that the i3 would be as fun to drive as a conventional BMW.What if it was even more fun to drive?BMW has bet considerable resources that the cost advantages of operating an electric car will outweigh the one big disadvantage — range.
3	  WASHINGTON — It may soon be easier and faster to surf the Web at,000 feet. The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday proposed auctioning off the rights to use newly available airwaves to provide better in-flight Wi-Fi connections, as the government agency seeks to improve the speed and lower the cost of Internet service on commercial flights .
2	 The Focus Dance season at the Joyce Theater brings just two performances of  Scott, Queen of Marys  (1994) by Doug Elkins: Jan. 7 and 12 (joyce.org. When I first saw this in December, I at once arranged to see it a second time that week, and now I'm impatient for this chance to renew the acquaintance.The ways in which Mr. Elkins responds to forms of popular dancing are vivid, acute and multifaceted.
4	  GEORGETOWN, Tex. — A former Texas prosecutor who was charged over a wrongful murder conviction has agreed to a 10-day sentence, accepting the punishment in front of the innocent man he helped put in prison for nearly 25 years.The former district attorney, Ken Anderson, also will be disbarred and must serve 500 hours of community service as part of a deal that is expected to end all criminal and civil cases against him.Mr.
3	  Stocks fell sharply Monday on Wall Street on concerns that the Federal Reserve's stimulus may be drawing to a close and a cash squeeze in China could further slow growth .At the close, the Dow Jones industrial average was off.84, or.9 percent, to,659.56. The broader Standard & Poor's 500- stock index was down.2 percent, and the Nasdaq composite fell .1 percent.Earlier in the session, the Dow was down more than 200 points.
0	 What makes you fall head over heels in love with a team? The usual fairy tale involves fathers and hometowns and afternoons spent at the ballpark, a closeness that rarely happens in other contexts.I didn't have that as a child. My father used to take us to watch Yale play football, but he was more interested in the singing and the camaraderie than the game, which perplexed me. How come the Yale quarterback can't throw a spiral?  I asked him when I was 6 years old and enduring another arctic Saturday at the Yale Bowl.
4	 UNIVERSITY CITY, Mo. — Tracey Wolff never had a problem with her 19-year-old son's individualism: his  crazy  hair and unshaven face. But this week, his look suddenly seemed more worrying.When she thinks of Trayvon Martin and his cropped hair and smooth face, Ms. Wolff says, she wonders,  If that can happen to the clean-cut kid who looks like a good student, then what's going to happen to my son, who dresses sloppy?  She is considering talking to him about reconsidering his look. I don't want to tell him how to dress,  she added.
3	 FRANKFURT — For a world increasingly nervous about events in Washington, President Obama's choice Wednesday of Janet L. Yellen to be chairwoman of the Federal Reserve meant there was one less thing for global economists and investors to worry about.Ms. Yellen is seen as a person likely to move cautiously as the Fed tapers down its stimulus to the American economy, a caution generally welcomed outside the United States, where the pace of that so-called tapering has been the source of considerable worry.
4	  WASHINGTON — Federal and state officials and consumer advocates have grown worried that companies with relatively young, healthy employees may opt out of the regular health insurance market to avoid the minimum coverage standards in President Obama's sweeping law, a move that could drive up costs for workers at other companies . Companies can avoid many standards in the new law by insuring their own employees, rather than signing up with commercial insurers, because Congress did not want to disrupt self- insurance arrangements that were seen as working well for many large employers .
0	 Children do not play ball on the beach at Puerto Caimito the way they did when Mariano Rivera was a boy. Erosion and construction have changed the dimensions of the beach, and a new field nearby actually has grass.But when Rivera was growing up, groomed grass fields were hard to come by in the little Pacific fishing village in Panama. The best playing surface in the area was a vast expanse of hard, white sand that revealed itself at low tide, a field strewn with rocks, shells and remnants of abandoned fishing vessels.
3	 Busier factories and growing optimism among consumers this year could help the economy withstand the drag from government spending cuts and tax increases, data released on Friday suggested. Manufacturing grew in February at the fastest pace in 20 months, according to a report from the Institute for Supply Management . And a survey from the University of Michigan showed that consumer sentiment rose last month to its highest level since November.Other data showed strength in job growth and the housing market .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Justice Department for the first time has notified a criminal defendant that evidence being used against him came from a warrantless wiretap, a move that is expected to set up a Supreme Court test of whether such eavesdropping is constitutional. Prosecutors filed such a notice late Friday in the case of Jamshid Muhtorov, who was charged in Colorado in January 2012 with providing material support to the Islamic Jihad Union, a designated terrorist organization based in Uzbekistan.Mr. Muhtorov is accused of planning to travel abroad to join the militants and has pleaded not guilty .
0	 THOUSAND OAKS, California — Tiger Woods is in good position heading into Sunday's final round to clinch his sixth victory at the Northwestern Mutual World Challenge but he will keep a wary eye on Zach Johnson, his closest challenger.Johnson has twice finished second to Woods at the elite event hosted by the world number one, and he gave the 14- times major champion a battle royale in 2011 when they dueled for supremacy down the stretch.
2	 Watching the movie  42  brings to mind the ending to John Ford's fine 1962 western,  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.  A newspaperman (and the viewer) has learned from James Stewart the truth about who really gunned down the evil Valance years before. But rather than run with the story, the newsman rips it up and flings it into the stove. His reason?  When the legend becomes fact,  he says,  print the legend.
4	  WASHINGTON — At, Diane Millich fell in love with and married a white man, moving with him in 1998 to a home on her native Southern Ute reservation in southern Colorado where, in short order, her life was consumed by domestic violence .Her story of beatings and threats, reconciliations and divorce — painfully common among Native American women — had a twist. Because her husband was white, the Southern Ute Tribal Police could not touch him, and because she was a Native American on tribal land, La Plata County sheriff's deputies were powerless as well.
0	 Cornerback Darrelle Revis met John Idzik, the Jets ' new general manager, for the first time April, and a few days later, they had a more substantial conversation. It was then, Revis said, that, contrary to months of informed speculation otherwise, Idzik said that the Jets wanted to keep him. I felt that type of vibe, that they weren't truthful, yes,  Revis said in a teleconference Monday, a few hours after he was introduced as the newest member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .  But I don't feel anything. I mean, it's over.
4	  MIAMI — George Zimmerman, who is charged with second-degree murder in the killing of Trayvon Martin, is all but certain to take his case directly to a jury on June 10 and skip a highly anticipated pretrial self-defense hearing, his lawyer said Tuesday.At a   Stand Your Ground   hearing, the judge is tasked with weighing whether to grant immunity from prosecution under a Florida law that gives people who believe they are in imminent danger of being killed or seriously hurt the benefit of the doubt to protect themselves.
2	 The New York Philharmonic is hoping to become a little more hip this spring with the help of an unlikely ally: Johann Sebastian Bach. Well, make that HIP, as in historically informed performance.The HIP movement, which began half a century ago with the aim of using historical sources and, where possible, period instruments to play music in a way that its composer might have intended, has long since ceased to occupy a market niche peopled by eccentrics and zealots.
3	 In a crackdown on genetic testing that is offered directly to consumers, the Food and Drug Administration has demanded that 23andMe immediately cease selling and marketing its DNA testing service until it receives clearance from the agency.In a scathing warning letter that the agency posted on its website on Monday, it said that 23andMe had failed to provide adequate evidence that its product, Personal Genome Service, provided accurate results. F.D.A. is concerned about the public health consequences of inaccurate results from the P.G.S. device,  the agency said in its letter.
0	 It was good for the Yankees to have Derek Jeter in uniform and in the dugout Thursday, smiling and high-fiving his teammates. But it was a lot better having Robinson Cano on the field. Jeter, attending a game at Yankee Stadium for the time since he shattered his left ankle in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last October, watched Cano hit a three-run homer that propelled the Yankees to a 5-3 comeback victory over the Toronto Blue Jays .
2	 When  The Killing  set off on its somber course in April, viewers didn't expect to wade through two seasons of Seattle murk to answer  Who killed Rosie Larsen?  Soon critical acclaim and a loyal fan base dissolved into outrage and dwindling viewership, as the first season ended with a cliffhanger not resolved until the final moments of the second. That's when  The Killing  was pronounced dead. But the patient still had a pulse.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Pittsburgh led St . Louis by 5-1 in the bottom of the sixth inning Friday, but Game 2 of their National League division series was far from decided. The Pirates ' starter, Gerrit Cole, had given up a flyout to the wall to start the inning, then walked Matt Carpenter . Fans at Busch Stadium — a red-clad capacity crowd announced at,999 — stood, roared and waved white towels as the perennial postseason star Carlos Beltran strode to the plate.
2	  LOS ANGELES — This was the year that Hollywood hit ticket-selling heights by stranding Sandra Bullock in space, educating monsters, bringing back Superman (again) and teaching Brad Pitt to outwit zombies. By the time the Hobbit was unleashed (again, the box office was on fire, even if half of North America was  Frozen.  Movie studios sustained some devastating flops in, among them the samurai epic  47 Ronin,  which limped into theaters on Christmas.
3	 Myriad Genetics is suing competitors that have begun to offer genetic testing for breast cancer risk after the Supreme Court 's ruling last month that human genes cannot be patented.The court's decision invalidated patents the company had on two genes that, when mutated, meant a woman had a very high chance of getting breast or ovarian cancer .Within hours of the decision, various companies and academic laboratories announced they would offer tests of those two genes, breaking the hold that Myriad held for nearly two decades.
0	 MISSION VIEJO, Calif. — Attendees at Mark Sanchez 's fourth annual Jets West passing camp each returned home with an iPad mini, an adult-size onesie and a Nike backpack. They also received three sets of headphones, some funky dress socks and a fancy camera. A water bottle, a mug, loads of T-shirts and shorts, and don't forget the Frisbee. Even a bottle of hand sanitizer that, in this age of Twitter, was splashed with a JetsWest hashtag .It was a bounty of souvenirs, but also, perhaps, something else: a nice parting gift.
0	 LONDON — London is getting its first NFL day game, creating a new morning time slot for viewers in the United States .The NFL says Wednesday that the game between the Atlanta Falcons and Detroit Lions at Wembley on Oct. 26 will start at:30 p.m. local time, making it a:30 a.m. ET kickoff in the U.S.The league said the switch will make it easier for a large global audience to tune in, and create an unprecedented fourth game window for American viewers that Sunday.The Wembley games have traditionally started at the same time as the 1 p.m. kickoffs in the U.S.
3	  WASHINGTON — Employment has been increasing at a healthy clip for the last few months, but the Federal Reserve is not ready to relax just yet. We need to see sustained improvement,  the Fed's chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, said at a news conference on Wednesday.  One or two months doesn't cut it. So we're just going to have to keep providing support for the economy and see how things evolve.  The Fed's policy-making committee said much the same thing in a stilted statement issued just before Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve is still waiting for clear evidence that the economy can grow decently without its help.The Fed's widely expected announcement on Wednesday that it would press ahead with its stimulus campaign of asset purchases and low interest rates reflected the reality that the nation's central bankers gained little clarity in the six weeks since their last meeting, in part because the government shutdown delayed and distorted key economic indicators .
4	  WASHINGTON — Big banks, lobbying firms, health care companies and major Silicon Valley players are all among the corporate sponsors of the left-leaning Center for American Progress, according to the first official tally of its corporate donors, released Friday by the group.The disclosure comes only a week after Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, ignited a debate in Washington over whether such corporate donations to prominent research organizations result in academic-styled policy papers and newspaper opinion pieces that are designed to move corporate agendas.
3	  Stocks climbed on Monday, the first day of the third quarter, supported by signs of strength in the manufacturing and construction sectors. Even so, the major stock indexes pulled back from their session highs late in the day as investors sold some shares to book profits . The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index closed up.54 percent after jumping as much as.27 percent earlier in the day. But the gains followed the S.& P.'s rally of.6 percent in the first six months of, which is the strongest first half of a year since 1998 for the benchmark.
0	  COSTA DO SAUIPE, Brazil — The stadium that will host the opening match of the 2014 World Cup will not be ready until April 14 or, less than two months before the tournament kicks off, FIFA president Sepp Blatter said on Thursday.The announcement came a day after the Brazilian government said the stadium would be ready in February.The Itaquera Arena in Sao Paulo was originally supposed to be ready this month but an accident last week set the timetable back. Two workers were killed after a crane collapsed into a stand.
0	 Tim Smyczek, an American tennis player ranked 109th, boarded an official United States Open car in Midtown Manhattan around 8 a.m. on Wednesday, several hours before he was scheduled to play at the Open in Flushing Meadows, Queens.As his driver fought through rush hour traffic, the car broke down, and Smyczek was left stranded on the highway shoulder.It took about 20 minutes for Smyczek to flag down another driver headed to the Open. He pulled over and said, 'Hey, you guys need a ride or something?'   Smyczek recalled the driver asking.
4	 The authorities in Ohio said Wednesday that they had begun two separate investigations into the death of Ariel Castro, the Cleveland man sentenced to life in prison for holding three women captive in his home for a decade.Mr. Castro, 53, hanged himself with a sheet on Tuesday night in his cell at the Correctional Reception Center in Orient, near Columbus, officials said. He was being held there temporarily after a Cuyahoga County judge sentenced him to life in prison last month.Jan M. Gorniak, the coroner of Franklin County, said that an autopsy had determined that Mr. Castro's death was a suicide.
2	 A dancegoer's options are fairly limited this week: There's  The Nutcracker,  and then there's  The Nutcracker.  But two of the season's most popular renditions couldn't be more different. At Lincoln Center, New York City Ballet soldiers on in its six-week run of George Balanchine's classic version, with its pristine dancing and reverence for childhood fantasy. A darker sort of fantasy is playing out at the Minetta Lane Theater, home to Company XIV's burlesque twist on this E. T. A. Hoffmann tale.
2	  LOS ANGELES — In most ways, it was a typical Sunday evening house party in the Venice neighborhood here. A pool. A band. A mix of Hollywood types. A couple of vegetarian options. And one neighbor complaining about the noise. I'm distraught!  cried the neighbor, a woman who had materialized at the home's back door.  I'm exhausted. I have to work. You have to stop!  The host assured her the music would last only a little while and sent her on her way. The band kicked off another number. It was:50 p.m.
4	  PHOENIX — Immigration agents arrested the mother and brother of a prominent activist during a raid at her home here late Thursday, unleashing a vigorous response on social media and focusing new attention on one of the most controversial aspects of the Obama administration's policies on deportation.The agents knocked on Erika Andiola's door shortly after 9 p.m., asking for her mother, Maria Arreola.Ms. Arreola had been stopped by the police in nearby Mesa last year and detained for driving without a license.
3	 PARIS — Would it make sense for one troubled carmaker with huge losses and acres of idle factory space to acquire another troubled carmaker with the same problem?It would not, investors seemed to have decided Friday, as a rally in the shares of the French carmaker PSA Peugeot Citroën fizzled along with speculation about a stronger alliance with General Motors and its Opel unit.According to such speculation, based on a report Thursday by Reuters, the Peugeot family was ready to cede control of the ailing French carmaker that bears its name. The family, which holds a.
2	  LOS ANGELES —  Herbie Hancock, a pianist of sparkling touch and brisk intuition, has often seemed like a figure rushing ever onward, and the direction in which he has increasingly hurled himself is globe-trotting cultural diplomacy .  I don't consider myself a spokesperson for jazz,  he said recently, implying that he has bigger concerns.Seated in the living room of his casually elegant home here in West Hollywood, not far from an alcove crowded with Grammy Awards — more than a dozen of them, including one for album of the year — Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday declined to consider a case concerning a tough 2011 Alabama immigration law that makes it a crime to harbor or transport immigrants not authorized to be in the United States or to induce them to enter or live in the state . The move left in place an appeals court ruling blocking the law.The justices, as is their custom, offered no reasons for turning down the appeal. Justice Antonin Scalia noted his dissent but also offered no reasoning.The question in the case, Alabama v. United States, No.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Wholesalers reduced their inventories in February by the most in 17 months. But their sales jumped, suggesting that businesses had underestimated consumer demand .The Commerce Department said Tuesday that inventories at the wholesale level declined.3 percent in February. That followed a.8 percent increase in January, which was revised lower.The decline was the first in eight months and the biggest since September. Farm products and gasoline led the drop. Agriculture stockpiles have fallen in recent months because of a drought in the Midwest.Sales at the wholesale level rose.7 percent, the most since November.
4	  The Affordable Care Act's goal of providing health insurance for all Americans grew more complicated when governors of more than 30 states opted not to create their own health care exchanges . That left the federal government responsible for enrolling a much larger portion of the population than it had expected, which is at least part of the reason for the troubled rollout of HealthCare. gov . It would be one thing if it was just a federal marketplace with federal plans and federal Medicaid rules, but it's not,  said Elisabeth R.
2	 We are living in an era of cinematic abundance, so why does this feast sometimes feel like a famine ? That's the question every American critic needs to ask as she weighs the year's bounty. From one angle, 2013 looks terrific. Critics began sending the cheering news about thinking-adult entertainment from the Cannes Film Festival in May (where  The Great Beauty,    Inside Llewyn Davis   and  A Touch of Sin  sent filmgoers into raptures, good news that continued once the fall — a.k.a. festival, a.k.a.
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — Carlos Gomez homered, Wily Peralta outdueled Matt Cain to end a three-start winless stretch and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Francisco Giants 3-1 on Tuesday night .Gomez hit his 18th homer in the second as the Brewers jumped on Cain (7-7) early. Jonathan Lucroy added a ninth-inning sacrifice fly .Peralta (8-11) struck out six of nine batters during an early sequence and finished with six Ks in 6 1-3 innings for his first career victory against the Giants .Cain was handed his first loss since the All-Star break . The right-hander had been 2-0 with a.
4	  WEST PHILADELPHIA, Pa. — At the Spectrum Health Center here, only four potential customers for the new health care marketplace had come through the doors by about:30 a.m. They were outnumbered by navigators, communications staff and reporters.One of the customers, Daniel Flynn, 28, was hoping to use the marketplace to find better coverage than he currently has in a plan that costs him $204 a month.But if the exchange offered a plan with lower premiums, reduced deductibles or better coverage, that information wasn't immediately available because the federal government's Web site, healthcare.
0	 They've got the best modern ballpark in the country, a gem on Pittsburgh's North Shore with spectacular views of the city and a bridge you can walk over to see a game. It may be the only place in baseball where french fries come inside a sandwich rather than next to it.Up until now, all that was missing at PNC Park was a winner. Pittsburgh will have one this season, though it's hardly time to start spraying champagne.
2	 Shortly before New York City Opera put on what will most likely be its final performance on Saturday night, Julius Rudel, the maestro who helped build and lead the company in its heyday, sat in his Manhattan apartment and, surrounded by mementos from the troupe's glory days, expressed his dismay at its probable impending demise. I would not have thought in my wildest dreams,  said Mr. Rudel, 92,  that I would outlive the opera company . The walls of his apartment bear testament to the creation of a company that rose to ambitious heights.
3	 FRANKFURT — Whenever Germany thrived, so did the rest of Europe. But that long-held belief is being questioned by its neighbors, which see evidence that the country is taking off without them.Despite Berlin's hefty financial support of the euro zone's more beleaguered members in the last few years, the economic crisis has corroded commercial ties between Germany and the rest of Europe. Countries like Italy and Spain no longer have the purchasing power they once did, and they trade less with Germany because of it. Greece, the most distressed country in Europe, is now little more than a German rounding error.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA is rushing to get spacesuit repair tools on a launch to the International Space Station this weekend.Last week, an Italian astronaut almost drowned in his flooded helmet while performing a spacewalk.NASA is still uncertain why water leaked into the helmet worn by Luca Parmitano last Tuesday. But if spare parts are on board, then these repair tools will be useful in swapping out the bad pieces.The Russian supply ship is set to blast off Saturday from KazakhstanThe spacesuit trouble is thought to be somewhere in the cooling system.
4	  ST . PETERSBURG, Fla. — As Charlie Crist, the newly minted Democrat and former Florida governor, sat outside his waterfront condominium here in his hometown recently, the  Go, Charlie  shout-outs never let up.A Lincoln Town Car pulled up and Mr. Crist leaned in and shook hands, doing what he does best.  Hey bro, what's happening?  the driver asked.  I'm good, man,  Mr. Crist replied. When a Duke Energy worker recognized Mr. Crist, the former governor gave him an earful about solar energy .  You got my vote, buddy,  the man said.
4	  WASHINGTON — Authors usually like it when the Supreme Court cites their work. But a reference to a book in an opinion last week is drawing mixed reviews.The case, Maryland v. King, was about whether the authorities may take DNA samples from people arrested in connection with serious crimes . Justice Anthony M . Kennedy, writing for the five- justice majority, drew on a 2000 book by the founders of the Innocence Project and a newspaper columnist to explain why this was a good idea.
0	 The beige buildings collectively known as Industry City form narrow cobblestone canyons perpendicular to the Sunset Park waterfront. The loud roar of vehicles speeding down the nearby Gowanus Expressway gives way toward the west to the slow rumble of trucks creeping across the uneven streets.Within this complex, the Nets are eyeing a remote, ramshackle warehouse close to Gowanus Bay as the final step in their long evolution into legitimate Brooklynites.The team has signed a tentative deal to build its new base of basketball operations atop a building on 39th Street, according to multiple people briefed on the plans.
3	  Airline passengers should be allowed to use their personal electronic devices to read, play games or enjoy movies and music, even when planes are on the ground or flying below,000 feet, according to recommendations an advisory panel sent to the Federal Aviation Administration on Monday.But the panel said that restrictions should remain on sending text messages, browsing the Web or checking e-mail after the plane's doors have been closed. Passengers can do that only when the aircraft's Wi-Fi network is turned on, typically above,000 feet.
4	  WASHINGTON — Robert Bauer and Ben Ginsberg, two of the nation's pre-eminent election lawyers, have long been on opposing sides of legal arguments . Last fall they were quarreling over voter registration, early voting laws and how the debates should be staged between their respective clients, President Obama and Mitt Romney .
4	  BOSTON —   Family and friends come first,  John Martorano, an aging gangster known as the Executioner, declared from the witness stand here on Tuesday.  My father always taught me that. The priests and the nuns I grew up with taught me that. They taught me that Judas — Judas was the worst person in the world.
3	  WASHINGTON — In an effort to spur lackluster sales of electric cars, California, New York and six other states said on Thursday that they would work jointly to adopt a range of measures, including encouraging more charging stations and changing building codes, to make it easier to own an electric car .The goal, they said, was to achieve sales of at least.3 million vehicles that did not have any emissions by.
1	 ALTON, Iowa — It has come on like a tidal wave, washing across the Corn Belt from Minnesota to the Texas panhandle, a disease that few farmers had seen until five years ago .Known as Goss's wilt, it has cut some farmers' corn yields in half, and it is still spreading. This summer it reached Louisiana, farther south than it had ever been identified. Alison Robertson, a plant pathologist at Iowa State University, estimated that about 10 percent of this year's corn crop would fall to Goss's.The disease, named for R. W.
2	 A tense and elaborate crime drama ending in a Peckinpah-style shootout. A classic tear-jerker about a woman doing menial labor to support her ungrateful son. A loopy, candy-colored musical. A warmhearted biopic about a national hero.It would take a lot of trips to the multiplex these days to see a collection of traditional Hollywood genre pictures like that, if you could find them among the comic-book and video-game adaptations and post-apocalyptic blockbusters .But there's another way — a one-stop-shopping opportunity for the moviegoer tired of summer's limited choices.
3	 Cooper Tire and Rubber 's efforts to require Apollo Tyres to complete its proposed takeover for.3 billion has suffered another legal setback, paving the way for Apollo, an Indian company, to walk away from the deal.On Monday, the Delaware Supreme Court dismissed the appeal by Cooper, an American company, against a lower court ruling that Apollo was meeting its obligations in trying to reach new contract terms with unions at Cooper plants in Ohio and Texas .With the latest court ruling, Cooper has only a slim chance to keep Apollo from walking away from the deal.
4	  BOSTON — They were called  Dookhan defendants,  and there were thousands of them.They had been arrested or sentenced on drug charges based on evidence or testimony supplied by Annie Dookhan, an ambitious state chemist who processed drug samples confiscated from suspects at triple the speed of her colleagues . Officials say her ambition led her to perpetrate one of the most far-reaching frauds in Massachusetts's history. Prosecutors say Ms.
4	 As his legislation expanding the state's virtual school network reached the floor of the Texas House in early May, Representative Ken King was focused on what it was not. This is not a voucher bill. This is not a vendor bill,  said Mr. King, Republican of Canadian.  I'm the last guy on this floor that'll ever vote for a voucher. That did not reassure several of his colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, who objected to allowing profit -making companies to offer online courses to public school students .The debate over Mr.
4	  States are increasingly alarmed that they could become collateral damage in Washington's latest fiscal battle, fearing that the impasse could saddle them with across-the- board spending cuts that threaten to slow their fragile recoveries or thrust them back into recession .Some states, like Maryland and Virginia, are vulnerable because their economies are heavily dependent on federal workers, federal contracts and military spending, which will face steep reductions if Congress allows the automatic cuts, known as sequestration, to begin next Friday.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A private Earth-to-orbit delivery service made good on its latest shipment to the International Space Station on Sunday, overcoming mechanical difficulty and delivering a ton of supplies with high-flying finesse.To NASA's relief, the SpaceX company's Dragon capsule pulled up to the orbiting lab with all of its systems in perfect order. Station astronauts used a hefty robot arm to snare the unmanned Dragon, and three hours later, it was bolted into place.The Dragon's arrival couldn't have been sweeter — and not because of the fresh fruit on board for the six-man station crew.
3	  SEOUL, South Korea — Asiana Airlines of South Korea said Monday that it would increase training for its pilots after the crash of one of its Boeing 777 jets at San Francisco International Airport .Asiana will give special safety training, including an enhanced program for visual approaches and automated flight, to all of its pilots. It said it would also strengthen its training programs for those switching to a new type of jet, a senior executive said in a presentation to the South Korean Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.
0	  AKRON, Ohio — Resurgent Swede Henrik Stenson could hardly be in a more different position at the WGC - Bridgestone Invitational since he most recently competed in the World Golf Championships ( WGC ) event three years ago .In, a dispirited Stenson finished stone last in an elite field of 80 at Firestone Country Club and he later regretted playing in the tournament that week as he had been battling a lingering viral infection.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — There's a new spin on supermassive black holes: They're incredibly fast, astronomers say.It's long been suspected that gigantic black holes lurking in the heart of galaxies rotate faster and grow larger as they feast on gas, dust, stars and matter. But there hasn't been a reliable measurement of the spin rate of a black hole until now.While black holes are difficult to detect, the region around them gives off telltale X- rays .
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A recently discovered comet is closer than it's ever been to Earth, and stargazers in the Northern Hemisphere finally get to see it.Called Pan-STARRS, the comet passed within 100 million miles of Earth on Tuesday, its closest approach in its first-ever cruise through the inner solar system. The ice ball will get even nearer the sun this weekend — just 28 million miles from the sun and within the orbit of Mercury.The comet has been visible for weeks from the Southern Hemisphere . Now the top half of the world gets a glimpse as well.
4	  WASHINGTON — Laws used to have boring names, like the Telecommunications Act of. Now they bear titles that seem focus-group-tested, like the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act .That name, for President Obama's health care law, never really took, partly because its initials did not create an acronym and partly because a lot of people preferred to call the law Obamacare .For better legal marketing, consider the U.S.A.
2	 When the D.J. duo Nervo, the Australian twins Olivia and Miriam Nervo, first began spinning three years ago, they used to shock people just by showing up. We would arrive at the airport, and someone would pick us up, and they would be like, 'You're Nervo?'   said Olivia, who goes by Liv.The promoters couldn't believe that the D.J.'s weren't men but young, attractive women.Nervo now perform regularly at major festivals and clubs, but the sisters are still the rare female breakout in electronic dance music . In a new reader-generated poll in DJ Magazine of the top 100 D.J.
1	 A Century of Chemical Weapons : Nations have fought for a century to stop the scourge of chemical weapons . But their use continues, as evidenced by the recent sarin gas attack in Syria .Four miles from the White House, Army specialists are digging very cautiously into an empty lot where a brick house once stood in one of the district's toniest neighborhoods, on the edge of the American University campus.A giant tent covers the site, alarms ready to sound if deadly poisons should leak.
2	 BERT WHEELER and Robert Woolsey made 21 feature films together (and a couple separately) between 1929 and. They were one of the most popular comedy teams of a decade that knew several great ones, and yet today they are almost unknown, except to cinephiles who make a habit of exploring the uncharted overnight territory of the Turner Classic Movies channel .There are a couple of reasons for their undeserved obscurity.
2	 One is that this season, more than ever, the most basic effect of Sept. 11 on popular entertainment is clear: the casual depiction of torture and mass murder as an easy way to spice up a drama, Hamburger Helper for the busy show runner. From a C.I.A.
0	  MANCHESTER — Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is in good shape mentally and physically as the Premier League champions prepare to face bitter rivals Liverpool this weekend, manager David Moyes said on Friday.The England international was United's best player in a poor 0-0 draw at home to Chelsea on Monday and the speculation over a possible move to Jose Mourinho's team has subsided in recent days after Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o joined the London club .
0	 NEW YORK — Lenzelle Smith Jr. scored seven of his nine points in the final 33 seconds and No. 3 Ohio State rallied from an eight- point deficit with:54 to play to beat Notre Dame 64-61 on Saturday night in the BlackRock Gotham Classic at Madison Square Garden .The Buckeyes, who had a woeful second half from the field, closed the game on a 14-3 run and Smith was the key to the closing spurt.Jerian Grant hit a 3-pointer as the shot clock was expiring to give the Fighting Irish (8-4) a seemingly comfortable 58-50 lead with:54 to play.
0	 This season had its top performers, memorable moments and players making headlines off the field. Here is a look at some highlights from. Chris Davis of the Orioles set a franchise record for home runs in a season and became the third player in history to hit 50 homers and 40 doubles, joining Babe Ruth (1921) and Albert Belle. Davis led the majors in home runs, runs batted in, total bases (370) and extra-base hits . Paul Goldschmidt of the Diamondbacks led the National League in R.B.I. (125), total bases (332)and extra-base hits (75) and tied for the home run lead.
1	 Imagine a wolf catching a Frisbee a dozen times in a row, or leading police officers to a stash of cocaine, or just sleeping peacefully next to you on your couch. It's a stretch, to say the least. Dogs may have evolved from wolves, but the minds of the two canines are profoundly different.Dog brains, as I wrote last month in The New York Times, have become exquisitely tuned to our own. Scientists are now zeroing in on some of the genes that were crucial to the rewiring of dog brains.
1	 In, two biologists named Leonard Hayflick and Paul Moorehead discovered that old age is built into our cells. At the time, many scientists believed that if healthy human cells were put in a flask with a steady supply of nutrients, they would multiply forever. But when Dr. Hayflick and Dr. Moorehead reared fetal human cells, that's not what they found. Time and again, their cells would divide about 50 times and then simply stop.Cells that stop growing this way came to be known as senescent. For years after Dr. Hayflick and Dr.
1	 MOSCOW (AP) — A Soyuz space capsule carrying an American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts landed Saturday morning on the steppes of Kazakhstan, safely returning the three men to Earth after a 144-day mission to the International Space Station .NASA's Kevin Ford and Russians Oleg Novitsky and Yevgeny Tarelkin had been scheduled to return on Friday, but the landing was postponed by a day because of bad weather .Live footage on NASA TV showed all three men smiling as they were helped out of the capsule and into reclining chairs to begin their acclimatization to Earth's gravity.
0	  ST . PETERSBURG, Fla. — Clay Buchholz allowed three hits over five innings in his first start since early June and the AL East -leading Boston Red Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 2-0 on Tuesday night .Buchholz, sidelined by a strained neck, hadn't pitched in the majors since beating the Los Angeles Angels on June. The right-hander, who made three rehab starts in the minors, struck out Jose Molina with two on to end the second.
2	 What did Robin Hood ever do to Mel Brooks? The actor- writer-director -composer, the man who rendered Hitler funny, Mr. Brooks has been obsessed with making that legend the target of his insane humor. Over more than 50 years, he has set his sights on Sherwood Forest no less than three times.
2	 For an inebriated storyteller, enthusiasm often outpaces execution.  They have to get it out, no matter how many times they mess it up,  said Derek Waters, a creator of  Drunk History,  beginning Tuesday on Comedy Central .He would know. Since, this actor ( Suburgatory,   Married to the Kellys ) and writer has asked friends to throw back a few, then tell him their favorite historical tale as a camera rolls.
0	 There is only so much jet lag that the human body can be expected to endure. Only so many locker rooms and hotel rooms and practice courts . We won't even get into the emotional scars of losing week after week after week for all but the chosen few.This is basically the routine in tennis for the vast majority of professionals, lifestyle of the not-so-rich and chronically fatigued.
4	  WASHINGTON — Coming out of a closed-door meeting Wednesday afternoon, in which Speaker John A. Boehner explained to his conference that he would be taking up the Senate deal and likely passing it with the help of Democratic votes, Republican lawmakers were already regrouping for the next fight. I'll vote against it,  Representative John Fleming of Louisiana said.  But that will get us into Round. See, we're going to start this all over again. But the next time around, Republicans are also hoping for a better outcome.
0	 Johnson has struggled for much of the season, yet the Orioles, fighting for survival in a tight American League wild-card race, continue to rely on him with games on the line. Johnson has compiled an American League -leading 41 saves, becoming a prime example of the save statistic's flaws.The roots of the problem can be traced to. Holtzman, a sportswriter in Chicago, was trying to prove the flaws inherent in another statistic: wins.
0	 There was a light moment Tuesday afternoon during the news conference to mark the beginning of the Mets' spring training camp .While Manager Terry Collins listened to a stream of questions — about the various strengths and numerous shortcomings of the team, about prospects and positional battles — Ed Coleman, a reporter for the radio station WFAN, asked him if there was one particular thing that kept him up at night. Age,  said Collins, a smile spreading on his face as laughter bubbled through the room.  Age keeps me up at night, Ed.
4	  WASHINGTON — In an illustration of the government's changeable ideas of what should be secret, Pentagon censors have decided that nearly half of more than 400 passages deleted from an Afghan war memoir can be printed without damaging national security .The decision last week by a Defense Department security office is the latest twist in the striking fate of the 2010 book   Operation Dark Heart,  by Anthony Shaffer, a retired Army officer who described his work as an intelligence officer in Afghanistan .
3	 The stock market declined modestly on Tuesday as investors took a breather from the yearlong rally. The Dow industrials and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index have hit several record highs (without adjustment for inflation ) in recent months, but many investors expect the market to be calm as 2013 winds down. The only trading that will go on the rest of this year will be people selling for tax reasons and window dressing,  said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Private Bank, which manages $66 billion in assets .
3	 SESTO FIORENTINO, Italy — For nearly 300 years, the Richard Ginori factory here produced singular, handcrafted and elegantly decorated porcelain tableware. Its pieces have graced museums and the tables of the world's wealthy and aspiring middle class . In March, the Pitti Palace, in Florence, will exhibit Ginori porcelain from the Napoleonic occupation of Tuscany.All of that is little consolation, however, to the more than 300 workers of the factory who now face unemployment . After years of wobbly bottom lines, the factory was declared bankrupt in January.
3	 In an unusual promotional partnership that starts on May, customers at,718 Walmart stores in the United States will be able to buy tickets to early screenings of   Man of Steel,  the coming Superman movie from Warner Brothers .About one million tickets will be put aside. Sellouts are expected. Prices will vary but will generally stay in line with the cost of tickets at the local theaters.The promotion is designed to fill seats on opening weekend; Warner is counting on extensive in- store advertising and a burst of chatter on social media .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate slowly began working its way through a backlog of presidential nominees on Tuesday now that Republicans are virtually powerless to block confirmations, approving a once-stalled judge to a powerful appeals court and a new director for the agency that oversees federal home lending.But Republicans, still seething over a power play last month by Democrats to curtail the filibuster significantly, have settled on a strategy for retribution: Make the confirmation process as time-consuming and painful as possible for Democrats .
2	  ST . PETERSBURG, Russia — A few weeks ago, as Valery Gergiev and his Mariinsky Orchestra tested the acoustics of their new $700 million theater here, they played one of the most dramatic selections in the symphonic repertory: the rousing finale of Mahler's Fifth Symphony. That movement has enormously big brass and percussion,  Mr. Gergiev recalled,  and I asked them to play a little bit harsher than usual, to let us see what the limit of the hall is. First I had them play too soft, then too loud.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Trent Reznor was not happy. Sitting ramrod straight, dressed in a black T-shirt and black shorts, he was staring with grim concentration as his band, Nine Inch Nails, worked through their set in a full-scale production rehearsal at the Los Angeles Sports Arena. Smoke, strobe lights and video screens on wheels restlessly reconfigured themselves as the band performed, without Mr. Reznor's lead vocals and instruments. Through song after song, his glare and scowl barely wavered; he'd look away only to tap notes into his laptop.
3	 LONDON — Europeans are paying almost two-thirds less for their cellphone contracts than their counterparts in the United States, according to a report to be published Thursday by the British telecommunications regulator .The report comes as many of the Continent's largest cellphone operators lag international rivals like Verizon Wireless and China Mobile on investing in mobile infrastructure, including high-speed data networks .The deals in Europe have been promoted by regulators eager to increase competition between carriers . In Britain, consumers pay an average of.88 pounds, or.70, a month for their cellphone contracts, compared with.
4	  WASHINGTON — Deciding which drugs will be covered by Medicare can influence huge amounts of spending, but government officials do little to police conflict of interest among doctors and pharmacists who make those decisions, federal investigators said Monday.In a new report, Daniel R. Levinson, the inspector general at the Department of Health and Human Services, said the federal Medicare agency had not clearly defined   conflict of interest  and did not enforce standards meant to prevent such conflicts from influencing coverage decisions by the panels, known as pharmacy and therapeutics committees .
4	  WASHINGTON — If people who are too young to vote commit crimes short of murder, the Supreme Court said in, they should not be sentenced to die in prison.That sounds straightforward enough. But there are two ways to understand the decision, Graham v. Florida .One is formal. The court may have meant only to bar sentences labeled   life without parole .  On that understanding, judges remained free to impose very long sentences — 100 years, say — as long as they were for a fixed term rather than for life.That is how Justice Samuel A.
0	  OMAHA, Neb. — Kenny Perry went for broke, and now he is back in contention for a second straight win in a senior major.Perry shot a 6-under-par 64 at the Omaha Country Club on Saturday and, along with Fred Funk, will go into the final round of the U.S. Senior Open two shots behind leader Michael Allen.Perry, who was 10 shots off the lead after a 73 on Friday, figured he would need to halve the deficit to have a chance Sunday.
4	  WASHINGTON — For all the attention to President Obama 's new campaign of outreach to Republicans, it was four months ago — on the eve of bipartisan budget talks — that he secretly invited five of them to the White House for a movie screening with the stars of  Lincoln,  the film about that president's courtship of Congress to pass a significant measure.The president's associates, busy lately fielding questions of what took so long, readily acknowledge that Mr.
3	  OTTAWA — Canada and the European Union tentatively agreed to a sweeping trade agreement on Friday. But while billed as a free-trade pact, the limited information released about its terms suggests that the details of any final deal may focus on adjusting import-export quotas and fine-tuning regulations as much as the easing of tariffs.Stephen Harper, the prime minister of Canada, has repeatedly emphasized the importance of a trade pact with Europe. Despite that, the negotiations, which began in 2009 and largely took place out of public view, provoked relatively little notice in Canada .
2	 Back at home in Bon Temps, La., momentarily safe from attack by vampires hungry for her tasty fairy blood, Sookie Stackhouse recalls the simple days of white dresses and well-mannered, if fanged, admirers.  I want to be that girl again,  she says, wearily. Fans of  True Blood,  hearing their heroine speak that line in the show's Season 6 premiere on Sunday night, can only reply, Amen, sister.
0	 LONDON — Serena Williams has issued a new apology for what she called  insensitive and misinformed comments  she made about the victim in the Steubenville, Ohio, rape case .In a Rolling Stone story posted online last week, Williams said the 16-year-old girl  shouldn't have put herself in that position. The next day, Williams apologized in a statement. She also apologized at a news conference Sunday.
3	  DETROIT — The Ford Motor Company said on Wednesday that its net income improved 15 percent in the first quarter to.6 billion, as record results in North America compensated for losses in Europe and South America .Two other big automakers, Daimler and PSA Peugeot Citroën, said that they expected weak sales in Europe to drag down their profits throughout this year.Ford, the nation's second-largest automaker after General Motors, said its overall revenue grew 10 percent in the quarter to.8 billion, and its market share continued to increase in the United States .
3	 To Hasbro, no one is too young or too old to play with a Transformers robot, watch a Transformers television show or play a Transformers video game .The toy maker started the Transformers franchise with a Japanese partner in. The concept — robots disguised as everyday objects — was originally aimed at 5-year-old boys. But as those boys have grown up and had children and even grandchildren, Hasbro has expanded the brand into other media and added new toy lines to appeal to everyone from toddlers to adults.Take Rescue Bots, for example.
4	 Like giant Mardi Gras masks, four seven- foot-tall faces of woven bronze peer westward from a lawn outside Talkington Hall, a recently opened student residence building on the Lubbock campus of Texas Tech University.They are the work of Michael Stutz, a California -based sculptor who installed the,000  Four Faces  earlier this month .  To me, they are a celebration of that space,  he said.  They represent the idea of diversity. And they are interactive. They are meant for people to come up and pose with them. As Mr.
2	  The Hunt for Red October  might better have been called  The Hunt for a Paramount Thriller Franchise .  In, the sun had just set on the Reagan administration, but Paramount, the home of  Top Gun,  hungered for a property capitalizing on the president's brand of patriotism. Filling the bill were the best-selling novels of Tom Clancy, a former Baltimore insurance salesman with a passion for high-tech Defense Department lingo and jingoism. (He died in October.) Reagan himself said Clancy's  Red October  was  my kind of yarn.
3	 FRANKFURT — The euro zone economy shows signs of stabilizing and may even be in a period of  positive contagion,  Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank, said on Thursday after the bank left its main interest rate at a record low .As usual, Mr. Draghi was careful to qualify his upbeat assessment of the euro zone financial crisis, which is now entering its third year. Though financial markets have calmed and some economic indicators have stabilized, he said it was too early to declare a turning point .
2	 This awards season, though, some of the Dream Factory's highest-profile contenders —  Lincoln,   Argo,    Zero Dark Thirty   and   Django Unchained   — have been subjected to unusually insistent fact-checking from journalists, politicians and op-ed pontificators. Among the accusations: Connecticut congressmen did not vote against the 13th amendment in, as shown in Steven Spielberg's  Lincoln.  Iranian Revolutionary Guards did not chase a plane carrying six American Embassy workers down a Tehran airport runway in, as they do in the climax of Ben Affleck's  Argo.
3	 Until smoldering batteries forced safety regulators to ground Boeing's new 787 Dreamliner jets last week, the aircraft manufacturer was flying high, with soaring profits and a recently regained No. 1 ranking in jet deliveries over Airbus.But the grounding, prompted by a battery fire on one jet and the emergency landing of another, has knocked Boeing off stride. Now, investors as well as government officials are paying close attention to see how big the issue becomes for the company, which is one of the nation's biggest exporters.
2	 MICHAEL APTED has done the math:  I figured out that when we do ',' I'll be.  He's talking about what would be the 12th installment of his monumental documentary series tracking a group of English schoolchildren from different social spheres at seven-year intervals. What began in 1964 with  7 Up  and no longitudinal ambitions is now at  56 Up  and staring down the actuarial tables.The signs are there, in the deep-lined face of Mr. Apted, the nearly 72-year-old director of the series. Gravity likes this face.
4	 HUNTSVILLE, Tex. — Karl Eugene Chamberlain went to his neighbor's apartment that night in Dallas under the pretense of borrowing sugar. He returned later, forced her into a bedroom, bound her hands and feet, raped her and then used a rifle to shoot and kill her. His victim, Felecia Prechtl, 29, was a single mother with a 5-year-old son.Eleven years after he was convicted of capital murder, Mr. Chamberlain, 37, was strapped to a gurney in Texas' execution chamber at the Walls Unit prison here and was asked by a warden if he had any last words.
3	  HOUSTON — A federal appeals court gave BP a partial victory on Wednesday by ordering a lower court judge to reconsider his interpretation of a settlement with claimants who filed billions of dollars of claims against the oil company after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill disaster.In a divided opinion, the majority found that the formula that measured a potential loss needed to be clarified. The third judge argued in a dissent that BP was trying to change the rules it had already agreed to.
3	 PARIS — The unemployment rate in the euro zone edged up in January to another record, official data showed on Friday, as the ailing European economy continued to weigh on the job market .That, along with new data showing a decline in inflation in the euro zone, could prompt the European Central Bank to take steps to stimulate the economy when its governing council meets on Thursday, analysts said. Unemployment in the 17-nation euro zone climbed to.9 percent in January from.8 percent the previous month, according to Eurostat, the statistical office of the European Union .
0	 NEW YORK — On a night of injuries, the Seattle Mariners patched together just enough pitching to win. Andy Pettitte and Chris Stewart became the latest Yankees to get hurt, and emergency Seattle starter Hector Noesi pitched into the fifth inning in place of ailing Aaron Harang to lead the Mariners over New York 3-2 Thursday night . Pettitte (4-3) left after 4 2-3 innings because of an injured back muscle near his left shoulder . New York said Pettitte hurt his trapezius muscle, and there was no immediate word on his prognosis.
3	  The American economy appears to be bucking the headwinds from Washington, buoyed by healthy business activity and resilient consumers . The latest evidence came on Friday with a better-than-expected report on industrial production, led by a jump in the automobile sector. It follows bullish indicators earlier in the week, including a drop in new unemployment claims and strong retail sales .The data has surprised economists like Ethan Harris of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, who on Friday revised upward the company's prediction for growth in the first quarter to 3 percent from an earlier estimate of 2 percent.
4	 On Monday, one of Virginia's state senators attended the inauguration: Henry L. Marsh III, a longtime civil rights lawyer, who played hooky to witness a milestone for an African-American president.The same day, Republicans back in the state capital, Richmond, took advantage of his absence to win a party-line vote, 20 to, to redraw electoral maps in a way that Democrats say dilute African-Americans' voting strength.The move not only has Democrats howling about a power grab, it has also been criticized by Virginia's Republican governor and lieutenant governor .
3	 TRAFFIC is getting worse in the United States, according to a company that monitors driving time by tracking cellphones and GPS devices in cars and trucks .And while that is not good news for those facing delays, it is for the economy . Traffic is a great indicator of confidence on the ground,  said Bryan Mistele, the chief executive of Inrix, which compiles what it calls the Inrix Gridlock Index.  People hit the road as they return to work, and businesses ship more freight as their orders increase.
0	  AKRON, Ohio — Tiger Woods came close to shooting only the sixth 59 on the PGA Tour with an electrifying display in Friday's second round at the WGC - Bridgestone Invitational before he ran out of steam with five holes to play .
0	 (Reuters) - Striker Samuel Eto'o is likely to make his Chelsea debut in Saturday's Premier League match against Everton when he embarks on a second stint under Jose Mourinho, a manager he once vowed he would never play for. Mourinho, who signed Eto'o last month from Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala having previously worked with the Cameroonian at Inter Milan, suggested the 32-year-old would see some action at Goodison Park. He will be selected,  Mourinho, whose side are unbeaten in their opening three league games, told a news conference on Friday.
3	 FRANKFURT — Europe suffered another month of dismal car sales in September. But the numbers were a little less grim than a year ago, nurturing hopes that the market had finally hit bottom. And a sales rebound in Spain showed the effects of a United States -style  cash for clunkers  government stimulus program . Auto sales in the European Union, as measured by new registrations, rose.4 percent in September compared with September, the largest increase in more than two years, the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association said on Wednesday.
2	 In, not much more than a year after Pina Bausch had become the director of the Tanztheater Wuppertal and well before she had become an international name, she choreographed a three-part Stravinsky evening for her company .
4	  DENVER — The Saturday morning workout crew had survived a grueling round of push-ups and sprints, crunches and lunges under a broiling sun in the heart of the gentrifying downtown here. But as they got ready for the day's sweaty coup de grâce — balancing acrobatically on their hands — they were alerted that their exercise routine had run afoul of the rules. Excuse me, you can't be here,  said a manager from a nearby condominium office. He pointed across the outdoor plaza to a sign prohibiting group exercise.  It's clearly marked.
4	 Audie Murphy, one of the most decorated soldiers of World War II, was awarded almost every ribbon and medal available. His name can be found on a commemorative postage stamp, a veterans' hospital and even the Hollywood Walk of Fame.But Mr. Murphy's home state has never bestowed its highest military award, the Texas Legislative Medal of Honor . And for the second time in two years, an effort to give him one has fizzled.Now family members and supporters are wondering if Mr.
2	 A black slave is torn apart by dogs as a crowd of white overseers savors the sight and a black bounty hunter watches passively behind shades. A black father makes his little girl crack open a crab with her bare hands then flex her tiny muscles like a pint-size N.F.L. linebacker. A black pilot snorts a line of cocaine after a night of debauchery and, just a few minutes before liftoff, knocks back several miniature bottles of alcohol.
0	  SAN DIEGO — The Mets' 8-2 loss to the San Diego Padres on Saturday night at Petco Park was compounded by an injury to the right-hander Jenrry Mejia, who left the game during the fourth inning while feeling discomfort in his elbow.Mejia, 23, had been pitching well since joining the rotation last month, with a.22 earned run average in his four starts before Saturday's. Still, during that strong run, Mejia was battling sporadic elbow pain caused by bone spurs .
2	 That was the question — a wry twist on the evangelical invocation of Jesus — that Dan Berger and David Laub, the co-presidents of Oscilloscope Laboratories, an independent film company, were considering as they prepared for a visit by a reporter. The issue at hand: whether Oscilloscope's staff should dress up in crisp white lab coats for the meeting, which was to discuss the company a year after its founder and leader, Adam Yauch, better known as MCA of the Beastie Boys, died at, after a three-year bout with salivary gland cancer.
2	 As Ms. Lapidus stacked Frisbee-size discs of meringue atop the ever-growing sweet, Ms. Subramaniam took still shots of each layer, which would be edited together into a stop-motion sequence. Stray crumbs were brushed out of camera range; tweezers were used to pluck errant pea tendrils adorning the sides. The result was a wintry peak festooned with lilacs and pink jasmine, an edible, cream-filled Matterhorn.And then, without warning, the mountain began to fall, the bottom layer of cream oozing out under the weight of the meringue discs and cookies.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration adopted a strict definition of affordable health insurance on Wednesday that will deny federal financial assistance to millions of Americans with modest incomes who cannot afford family coverage offered by employers .In deciding whether an employer's health plan is affordable, the Internal Revenue Service said it would look at the cost of coverage only for an individual employee, not for a family. Family coverage might be prohibitively expensive, but federal subsidies would not be available to help buy insurance for children in the family.
0	 ROME — Italian Serie A clubs Lazio and Genoa, lower league side Lecce and eight players have been referred to a disciplinary tribunal over allegations of match-fixing in the 2010/11 season, the Italian football federation (FIGC) said on Wednesday. Lazio midfielder Stefano Mauri was among the eight players who were accused of  sporting fraud  by FIGC after it examined reports by investigators in the town of Cremona. The hearing is due to take place on July.
3	 AFTER many years of halting starts and hundreds of millions of dollars in investment, in-flight Wi-Fi is finally coming into its own, with,700 domestic flights, 38 percent of the total, now offering Internet connectivity, according to a report by Routehappy.com, a Web site that ranks tens of thousands of daily flights by quality of comfort and amenities.It remains to be seen, however, how viable in-flight Wi-Fi will be as a business — though Gogo, which leads the field with systems on more than 80 percent of all Wi-Fi -enabled flights in North America, had an initial public offering on Friday.
4	  COLUMBUS, Ohio — Acknowledging that commencement addresses are no place for partisanship, President Obama nonetheless skirted close to that political line on Sunday, telling graduates at Ohio State University to ignore antigovernment voices that  gum up the works  and instead aspire to be citizens who value both individual rights and community responsibilities. Unfortunately, you've grown up hearing voices that incessantly warn of government as nothing more than some separate, sinister entity that's at the root of all our problems,  Mr. Obama told the crowd at the Ohio State commencement ceremony.
4	  PALO ALTO, Calif. — Backed by two conservative groups, Stanford Law School has opened the nation's only clinic devoted to religious liberty, an indication both of where the church- state debate has moved and of the growth in hands-on legal education .Begun with.6 million from the John Templeton Foundation, funneled through the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, the school's new Religious Liberty Clinic partly reflects a feeling that clinical education, historically dominated by the left's concerns about poverty and housing, needs to expand.
4	  MOBILE, Ala. — It took a flood of campaign donations from the business community and the backing of a large part of the Republican establishment, but Bradley Byrne, a lawyer and former state senator, successfully fought off a Tea Party -supported rival on Tuesday to become the Republican candidate for a House special election here in coastal Alabama .
0	  Rangers forwards Ryan Callahan and Carl Hagelin are expected to miss at least part of training camp and perhaps the beginning of next season after each underwent surgery to repair a torn labrum in the left shoulder on Friday.The procedures were performed by Dr. Andrew Feldman at the N.Y.U. Langone Medical Center's Hospital for Joint Diseases in Manhattan.Callahan, the Rangers captain, and Hagelin both skated through the Rangers' 12 playoff games without any indication that they were hurt. Callahan scored 2 goals and 5 points, and Hagelin scored 3 goals and 6 points.
3	  BRUSSELS — The head of the European Union's executive arm said that Europe must shun  reactionary  opposition to globalization as he criticized French-led efforts to protect the Continent's movie and television industries in advance of trade talks with the United States .The European Commission president, José Manuel Barroso, speaking in an interview ahead of a meeting Monday with President Obama and other leaders of the Group of 8 industrial nations, offered strikingly robust criticism of efforts in France to limit the scope of a trade pact .
3	 FRANKFURT — Germany's huge trade surplus, a source of pride for Germans but an irritant to the rest of Europe, could undergo much tougher European Union scrutiny, officials in Berlin acknowledged on Tuesday.Olli Rehn, the commissioner overseeing economic and monetary policy for the European Union, is expected to step up pressure on Germany on Wednesday when he issues growth prescriptions for the 28-country bloc . German officials acknowledged on Tuesday that the pressure could eventually include opening a review that at least in theory could lead to financial penalties .
1	  Heat stress among dairy cows is a growing problem in the United States as the climate warms and farmers look to increase production from their herds. Now, researchers say farmers can predict which cows are in danger of overheating: the ones that stand for long periods without lying down.Researchers from the University of Arizona and Northwest Missouri State fitted cows with vaginal sensors that measured core body temperature and leg sensors that determined whether the animal was sitting or standing.
4	  WASHINGTON — The White House has blocked several Department of Energy regulations that would require appliances, lighting and buildings to use less energy and create less global-warming pollution, as part of a broader slowdown of new antipollution rules issued by the Obama administration .The administration has spent as long as two years reviewing some of the energy efficiency rules proposed by the Energy Department, bypassing a 1993 executive order that in most instances requires the White House to act on proposed regulations within 90 days.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — Prosecutors in the second-degree murder trial of George Zimmerman scrambled Tuesday to undo damage to their case by one of their leading witnesses, a Sanford police officer who interviewed the defendant hours after he fatally shot Trayvon Martin .The witness, Officer Chris Serino of the Sanford police, had testified under cross-examination on Monday afternoon that Mr. Zimmerman seemed to be telling the truth when he said he had fired his gun in self-defense.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — A former justice of the peace who had been convicted of theft was charged Thursday with the revenge killings of the prosecutors who handled his case, closing a chapter in one of the more chilling cases of assault on American law enforcement officers .Eric Lyle Williams, 46, was charged with capital murder, as his wife, Kim Lene Williams, also, had been on Wednesday. The charge can carry the death penalty . Two days earlier, Ms. Williams had implicated her husband as the killer and confessed her part in the plot. Mr.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey — Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson had his first glimpse at MetLife Stadium and it was love at first sight as he led the NFC West leaders to a 23-0 rout of the New York Giants on Sunday.Wilson completed 18-of-27 passes for 206 yards and a touchdown, and ran eight times for 50 yards, while the Seahawks defense manhandled Giants quarterback Eli Manning with five interceptions to turn the home crowd into boo birds.
0	 ROCHESTER, New York — Former champion Mark Brooks has pulled out of this week's PGA Championship at Oak Hill Country Club due to an unspecified injury, organizers said on Wednesday.Brooks, who won the 1996 PGA Championship in a playoff at Valhalla Golf Club, has been replaced in the 156-man field by fellow American J.J. Henry.A double winner on the PGA Tour, Henry was the second alternate for the year's final edition and will tee off in Thursday's opening round in the company of former champions Shaun Micheel (2003) and Rich Beem.
3	  WASHINGTON — Natural gas is hailed as green and safe, but its environmental benefits and ability to temper climate change are reduced by its tendency to leak into the air undetected. Now, laser technology, some of it borrowed from the telecommunications industry, is giving engineers and scientists crucial new tools to measure leaks and track them to their source.Pacific Gas & Electric, which operates in northern and central California, has begun training employees to use the technology, a portable gas detector that was recently used in a car driven 785 miles through the streets of Boston .
3	  BRUSSELS — A panel of European Union lawmakers on Monday night backed a measure that could require American companies like Google and Yahoo to seek clearance from European officials before complying with United States warrants seeking private data.The vote, by an influential committee at the European Parliament, is part of efforts in Europe to shield citizens from online surveillance in the wake of revelations about a far-reaching spying program by the National Security Agency of the United States . The legislation has been under consideration for two years.
4	  DENVER — Hundreds of abandoned drilling wells dot eastern Wyoming like sagebrush, vestiges of a natural gas boom that has been drying up in recent years as prices have plummeted.The companies that once operated the wells have all but vanished into the prairie, many seeking bankruptcy protection and unable to pay the cost of reclaiming the land they leased. Recent estimates have put the number of abandoned drilling operations in Wyoming at more than,200, and state officials said several thousand more might soon be orphaned by their operators .
3	 CARLSBAD, Calif. — On a calm day, a steady rain just about masks the sound of Pacific Ocean water being drawn into the intake valve from Agua Hedionda Lagoon. Listen hard, and a faint sucking sound emerges from the concrete openings, like a distant straw pulling liquid from a cup.At the moment, the seawater is being diverted from the ocean to cool an aging natural-gas power plant .
0	 (Reuters) - Detroit's Anibal Sanchez was denied a no-hitter but still struck out 12 batters in a pitching gem as the Tigers sent the Minnesota Twins crashing to their 10th straight defeat with a 6-0 victory on Friday.Sanchez was heading towards a second career no-hitter with one out in the ninth inning before Joe Mauer punched a single up the middle to deny the Venezuelan a chance to become the 28th pitcher in Major League history with multiple no-hitters.
0	  HOUSTON — All-Star free-agent reliever Jesse Crain has agreed to a one-year deal with the Houston Astros . Financial terms were not released.Crain made the All-Star team last season with a.74 ERA in 37 appearances for the White Sox . He had a streak of 29 straight appearances without allowing a run from April 17 to June. Crain was traded to Tampa Bay on July, but didn't appear in a game for the Rays because of a right shoulder strain. Houston general manager Jeff Luhnow calls Crain a  proven reliever  who will  help us win games in.
3	 For years, Publishers Clearing House — the company that uses sweepstakes to help sell merchandise and magazine subscriptions — has devoted a good deal of its marketing efforts to television commercials showing prize winners being taped for television commercials. Now, in a campaign that is to begin on Monday, the company's commercials will be devoted to a different aspect of television: sitcoms.The campaign, with a budget estimated at more than $5 million, features excerpts from three vintage television comedy series:  The Brady Bunch,   Diff'rent Strokes  and  Gilligan's Island.
3	  The European Union's top antitrust enforcer on Thursday threatened to formally charge the Russian natural gas giant Gazprom with restricting trade and price gouging, raising the stakes in a two-year investigation that has already created tensions with Russia's president, Vladimir V. Putin.An antitrust action would be risky, given Europe's dependence on Gazprom for about a quarter of all natural gas consumed in the European Union, and given the Russian company's history of cutting off customers for perceived political affronts. Gazprom, for instance, stopped providing fuel to Ukraine in midwinter   gas wars  in 2006 and.
4	  WATFORD CITY, N.D. — The patients come with burns from hot water, with hands and fingers crushed by steel tongs, with injuries from chains that have whipsawed them off their feet. Ambulances carry mangled, bloodied bodies from accidents on roads packed with trucks and heavy-footed drivers.The furious pace of oil exploration that has made North Dakota one of the healthiest economies in the country has had the opposite effect on the region's health care providers .
1	 A meteorite found in the Sahara, one of the oldest ever to come from Mars, offers evidence that life could have existed there more than two billion years ago, researchers say.The.7-pound fragment contains more water than any other known Martian meteorite.  It's about,000 parts per million of water,  said Carl B. Agee, a planetary scientist at the University of New Mexico who led the study.  That's the water locked into the mineral structure of the meteorite.
2	  TORONTO — How big is too big? That was the question that faced the tide of humanity as it flowed into this year's Toronto International Film Festival, filling theaters and spilling into halls. For decades, the festival, which wraps up this weekend, has served as one of the year's essential film events because of its mix of new-season offerings and titles cherry-picked from earlier festivals.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Baby-faced teenager Matthew Fitzpatrick rounded off a dream week on Sunday by claiming the silver medal at the British Open as the leading amateur.The 18-year-old from Sheffield, England finished with a one-over 72 for a 10-over total for his four rounds over a Muirfield course that has separated the men from the boys this week.After practicing with American great Tom Watson on Wednesday, Fitzpatrick signed off after a round with former Masters winner Fred Couples who finished one shot better. I couldn't be happier with the way I played out there.
4	 PARIS — The United States lost its vote at Unesco on Friday, two years after cutting off its financial contribution to the organization over the admission of Palestinians as full members. The move undermined America's ability to exercise its influence in countries around the globe through the United Nations agency's educational and aid programs, according to Western diplomats and international relations experts.Under Unesco's constitution, any country that fails to pay dues for two years loses its vote in the Unesco general assembly .
3	 SOLIHULL, England — It was a crucial day for Demos Hoursoglou. The manager of the aluminum body shop at Jaguar Land Rover's manufacturing complex in this suburb of Birmingham, England, was about to give the go-ahead to plug a brand new model — the Range Rover Sport — into the assembly line . It would be the latest type of top-of-the-line Range Rover to receive an aluminum body since this factory went into operation last September.Striding on a catwalk above the shop floor, Mr.
2	 The electronic dance music business, propelled by huge festivals featuring star D.J.'s and psychedelic light shows, has grown to an estimated worth of.5 billion, a number that is luring both Wall Street investors and mainstream corporate sponsors . Yet a recent string of drug- related deaths has highlighted the risks not only to fans, but to the businesses looking to profit from the craze .Since March, at least seven young people attending dance events around the country have died after exhibiting symptoms consistent with overdoses from MDMA and other so-called party drugs, often called ecstasy or molly.
1	 Astronauts traveling to Mars, bombarded by the radiation of outer space, would face modestly higher risks of cancer, new NASA measurements confirm.The findings could lead to a search for better shields to block the radiation, new propulsion technologies to shorten the trip, or a decision by the space agency to recalibrate the allowable risks for such an ambitious interplanetary mission.Radiation on the journey to Mars was measured by NASA's newest Mars rover, Curiosity, which carries an instrument the size of a coffee maker that was originally intended to gauge radiation on the planet's surface.
0	  VIRGINIA WATER, England — Sergio Garcia said  sorry  11 times and used the word  apology  on five occasions as he spoke of his regret at causing a furor by making a   fried chicken   jibe at world number one Tiger Woods . Spaniard Garcia told reporters on Wednesday that his comment, made at the European Tour Player of the Year awards the night before, was  stupid and out of place  and said he regretted it the moment he made it.
4	  WASHINGTON — Republican governors are moving aggressively to cut personal and corporate income taxes, including proposals that would increase reliance on state sales taxes, setting up ambitious experiments in tax reform that could shape what is possible on a national level.Even as Washington continues to discuss, if not act, on ideas for making the federal tax system simpler and more efficient, governors, some with an eye on the next presidential race, are taking advantage of the improving economy and a gradual rebound in revenues to act.In Louisiana, Gov .
2	 Some artistic creations cause immediate sensations, and some create a sense of wonder. With only a very few, however, does that sense of wonder address the entire culture that has produced the work of art. One such piece is Mark Morris's   Allegro, il Penseroso ed il Moderato,  a full-evening dance work that has almost invariably had a sensational effect on audiences and celebrates its 25th anniversary this month. When it was young, its virtues of innocence, exuberance and abundance amazed many viewers.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The New York Jets came into their annual preseason game against the Giants hoping to gain some clarity in their quarterback competition.It suddenly got more muddled. Rookie Geno Smith was spotty, at best, in a turnover-filled performance in the Jets' 24-21 overtime victory Saturday night . Even worse, Mark Sanchez injured his right shoulder late in the game — playing behind an offensive line of backups.That leaves the Jets right where they were: unsure who their quarterback will be when the regular season begins Sept. 8 against Tampa Bay .
1	  WASHINGTON — Only blocks away, the Energy Department manages the search for quarks and NASA scours the heavens for Earth-like planets. But inside a big white tent on the National Mall, the focus is on something simpler: oak, ash and elm, and how to make them heat a house with as little pollution as possible.It is not rocket science, but the 12 teams that are competing to solve the problem are finding ways to get twice as much heat out of a log of firewood.
0	 BERLIN — Belgium central defender Timmy Simons has left Nuremberg with a year left on his contract to rejoin Club Bruges after asking for a transfer, the Bundesliga club said on Wednesday.The 36-year-old, who has signed a two-year deal with the Belgian club, had established himself as a leading player for Nuremberg since joining in 2010 from PSV Eindhoven . Timmy Simons is a player with a strong personality and experience who enjoyed great respect at the club,  said Nuremberg sports director Martin Bader in a statement, adding it was the defender who had asked to leave the club .
4	 WILLIAMSBURG, Va. — When House Republicans arrived from the nation's capital in the colonial capital this week, they were greeted by a brigade in traditional garb. Men in tricornered hats twittered away (on the fife, and three founding fathers — Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry and George Washington — stopped by to give speeches.Over two and a half days that ended Friday, Republicans holed up at the stately Kingsmill Resort for their annual retreat tried to game out the year.
3	  MILAN — In Italy, where burlesque public anger can be its own form of fashion statement, the designers behind the Dolce & Gabbana label made their reaction to an insult high art.Stefano Gabbana and his designing partner, Domenico Dolce, took offense when a city official labeled them tax evaders . That the official, a Milan City Council member responsible for local commerce named Franco D'Alfonso, made the comment after the designers were sentenced by an Italian court to 20 months in prison and ordered to pay,000 euros, or,000, in damages to the Italian tax agency, did not seem to matter.
4	 The State of Mississippi has denied requests for DNA testing of evidence made by a prisoner set to be executed on Tuesday, potentially setting up what experts said would be a rare case in recent years in which a person is put to death with such requests unmet.The Mississippi Supreme Court, in a 5-to-4 decision, ruled in April that the existing evidence tying Willie Jerome Manning to the murder of two college students in 1992 was so strong that the findings of DNA tests would not make a difference. Lawyers for Mr.
2	 IT'S about,700 miles from Madison Square Garden to Willoughby Bay in Antigua, and it is hard to imagine two places more different than the grimy canyons of Midtown Manhattan and the pristine, windswept hills overlooking the Caribbean that are home to the Crossroads Center drug rehabilitation clinic.But this weekend the two places will be linked by Eric Clapton's Crossroads Guitar Festival, which raises money for this small nonprofit treatment center, which he has built into a $20 million charity over the last 15 years, largely through selling his guitars and persuading friends to do benefit concerts.
0	 In 12 seasons as an N.B.A. player, Jason Collins has never been an All-Star or a scoring leader or even a full-time starter, but on Monday he shattered one of the last great barriers in professional sports . I'm a 34-year-old N.B.A. center. I'm black and I'm gay,  Collins, who finished this season with the Washington Wizards, writes in the May 6 edition of Sports Illustrated . The magazine published the article online Monday morning .With that statement, Collins became the first openly gay male athlete who is still active in a major American team sport .
1	 About 165 million years ago, in what is now northeastern China, two insects were doing what comes naturally. Suddenly, in the middle of copulating, they were struck dead, felled by poisonous gas from a volcanic eruption.But the moment was not lost. Fortunately for science, the insects, still in the grip of what passes for passion among froghoppers, sank to the bottom of a lake where they were preserved for the ages under layers of ash and sediment.They ended up in an insect fossil collection in Beijing, and scientists poring over the collection recently discovered and exposed them.
3	 FRANKFURT — Demonstrators blocked a large swath of central Frankfurt on Friday to protest a variety of issues ranging from economic austerity in Europe to capitalism to labor conditions for workers in developing countries .The demonstrations, which were largely peaceful, started in the morning at the headquarters of the European Central Bank and moved to the central shopping area at midday. Demonstrations were also held in Frankfurt at the headquarters of Deutsche Bank, the biggest German bank and one of the largest in Europe. By midafternoon the protests had moved to the airport.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — Just as Emily London-Jones stepped into her office at Xavier University on Monday morning, co-workers engulfed her in a way that the San Francisco 49ers could never seem to encircle her son, Jacoby.She had slept little. Phone messages piled up. It would hardly be a normal morning in the student financial aid office, where London-Jones is the director. Then again, it is not every day that your son scores two touchdowns in the Super Bowl in a celebrative return to his hometown.Almost everyone in the office wore a purple Baltimore Ravens T-shirt.
2	 In the frenzied final days of New York City Opera, when it was becoming clear that an urgent drive to raise $7 million for its very survival was failing, the general manager, George Steel, found himself scrounging for money wherever he might find it.He had lunch with Alberto W. Vilar, the onetime opera patron who had promised huge gifts to the Metropolitan Opera that failed to materialize and who was later jailed for fraud.
3	 VLOTHO, Germany — The European economy has many problems. One is out of the region's control: the United States Federal Reserve .Recent fears that the Federal Reserve could begin withdrawing its economic stimulus have prompted interest rates to rise around the world, putting business loans further out of reach for companies in Spain, Italy and France.For the United States, the Fed easing on stimulus efforts would signal that the American economic rebound has enough momentum to continue on its own. But for most of Europe, still struggling through a recession, the Fed's moves could make a recovery even harder to achieve.
1	 The chemical reactions that help produce margarine, medications, cleaner car exhaust and countless other useful things rely on valuable metals like platinum, rhodium and ruthenium as catalysts . But such metals are rare, expensive and occasionally toxic . For years, scientists have tried to develop methods of catalysis using cheap, common, nonpolluting metals like iron and cobalt .Now, three separate teams of researchers say they have developed catalysts based on cheap metals that can either match or outperform those based on precious metals . The three studies were published in the journal Science.
1	  ScienceTake : The Jellyfish Engine: The moon jellyfish is slow, but there's a reason for that. Its undulating pace allows it to swim more efficiently than just about anything in the ocean.The moon jelly, or common jellyfish, is often viewed as a problem, an ecological invader, a nuisance to swimmers, or worse. A moon jelly population explosion last month clogged the water intakes of a Swedish nuclear power plant, forcing it to shut down.
4	 When CVFC, a conservative veterans' group in California, applied for tax-exempt status with the Internal Revenue Service, its biggest expenditure that year was several thousand dollars in radio ads backing a Republican candidate for Congress .The Wetumpka Tea Party, from Alabama, sponsored training for a get-out-the-vote initiative dedicated to the  defeat of President Barack Obama   while the I.R.S. was weighing its application.And the head of the Ohio Liberty Coalition, whose application languished with the I.R.S. for more than two years, sent out e-mails to members about Mitt Romney campaign events and organized members to distribute Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — With each side claiming popular support, President Obama and Congress's Republican leaders on Monday dug in on their conflicting positions about raising the nation's debt limit, indicating that the president's second term will open with a potentially perilous budget showdown.Mr. Obama called the final news conference of his first term to reinforce before national television cameras his demand that Congress unconditionally increase the legal limit on the government's authority to borrow money to pay its bills . But Republicans continued to insist that he agree to equal spending cuts .
4	 All of us fall short of our ideals, of course. But there is a common-sense expectation that religious professionals should try to behave as they counsel others to behave. They may not be perfect, but they should not be louts or jerks.By that standard, few have failed as egregiously as John Howard Yoder, America's most influential pacifist theologian. In his teaching at Notre Dame and elsewhere, and in books like  The Politics of Jesus,  published in, Mr. Yoder, a Mennonite Christian, helped thousands formulate their opposition to violence .
3	 Americans trimmed their overall indebtedness in the latest quarter, continuing a nearly five-year trend as mortgage balances fell further, data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York showed on Wednesday.Total consumer debt stood at.15 trillion in the second quarter, down.7 percent from the previous quarter, the New York Fed said in its quarterly household debt and credit report.While student debt and auto loans rose, the country's postrecession deleveraging cycle appeared intact as household delinquency rates dropped to.6 percent in the three months to June, from.1 percent in the first quarter of the year.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of used homes dipped in March as the supply remained tight. But the pace remained ahead of last year's. The National Association of Realtors said Monday that sales fell .6 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of .92 million, from.95 million in February. The February figure was revised lower.Still, sales in March were.3 percent higher than a year earlier.Sales have remained mostly unchanged in the last four months — largely, analysts have said, because of a limited supply of homes. Economists still predict the housing market will continue to recover this year.
2	 Some people are troubled by contradictions — by impulses clashing with intentions, needs complicating wants, violence coexisting with compassion. The director Claire Denis thrives on such things. From her autobiographical debut in,   Chocolat,  to modernist reveries like  Beau Travail  (1999) and  The Intruder, she has searched for sublimity in the profane and exploited the terror in ecstasy. And while she may be the most independent filmmaker in France, she is preoccupied with belonging, making films about family with the help of a surrogate family of collaborators.
2	 AMITYVILLE, N.Y. — It's a splendid day for a stroll past a haunted house: dark, damp, forbidding. A thin mist rises like a mourner's veil above the gambrel roof, and low-slung clouds bathe the grounds in perpetual gloom.Thirty-seven years have passed since the last reported haunting in this quiet Long Island village. During the ensuing decades the three-story dwelling has been renumbered, and the distinctive quarter-moon windows — suggesting the malevolent eyes of a jack-o'-lantern — have been changed to discourage rubbernecking.The house first gained notoriety on Nov. 13, 1974, when Ronald DeFeo Jr.
0	 MASON, Ohio — John Isner delivered perhaps the best tennis of his career this week as he made his way through an intimidating field to reach the final of the Western & Southern Open.On Saturday, he defeated No. 7 Juan Martín del Potro, 6-7 (5), 7-6 (9), 6-3, continuing his string of victories against players in the top 11 of the ATP rankings.The 6-foot-10 Isner, best known for his booming serves, was a point from defeat midway through his semifinal match against del Potro, but he benefited from his opponent's nerves.
0	 ROME — Italy and AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli has hit out at the  incredible lies  of a mafia informant who accused the former Manchester City player of being a drug dealer .Italy coach Cesare Prandelli and Damiano Tommasi, president of the national footballers' union (AIC, also came out in support of the forward.Mafia informant Armando De Rosa told judicial investigators that Balotelli three years ago dealt illegal substances in Scampia, a notorious open-air drugs market on the northern edge of Naples.
0	 LONDON — Changes in fans' attitudes and the way stadiums are configured and managed have all contributed to the decrease in violence and mayhem around English soccer in the last 20 years. But perhaps the biggest change has come in the way the sport is policed.  Football violence and disorder hasn't gone away; it's just better managed and controlled,  said Andy Holt, head of the football policing unit for the Association of Chief Police Officers of England.
0	 Days after Martin Brodeur's return to their lineup, the Devils must deal with an injury to another star player.The player, Ilya Kovalchuk, injured his right shoulder when he slammed into the boards behind the Florida Panthers' net in the third period of the Devils' 2-1 home victory Saturday night . Devils Coach Peter DeBoer said Kovalchuk, a high-scoring forward, would probably miss  at least a short time.  Injuries are a part of this,  DeBoer said, adding,  Everybody is dealing with them, so I think we have to be prepared for that.
2	 A film festival that includes a pair of Weimar-influenced pre-code Hollywood musicals, three classic cartoons by John and Faith Hubley and a 1936 docudrama in which an American re-enacts her imprisonment in Nazi Germany might fairly be called eclectic. Or it might be called To Save and Project, as the Museum of Modern Art titles its annual survey of recently restored movies, which returned this week for its 11th edition.
2	  ANDY WARHOL created movies by design, by chance, by mistake, and sometimes by doing nothing at all. The nearest thing to a philosophical genius the history of art has produced,  as the art critic Arthur C. Danto called him, Warhol put quotation marks around the concept of motion pictures.
2	 Ever since  The Sopranos  ended on a slyly ambiguous note that kept viewers deconstructing it for weeks, shows with artistic ambition cannot come to a mere close. There has to be a finish so big it sets off a tsunami of second-guessing. Once upon a time fans didn't want their favorite series to end; now audiences clamor for a denouement they can debate forever.
2	 Since its founding 30 years ago, Harlem Stage has burnished its reputation by presenting innovative artists like Bill T. Jones and Vijay Iyer and plumbing social issues . Now, the theater is betting that  Makandal  — its first opera commission and an ambitious, contemporary work revolving around the leader of an 18th-century slave revolt in Haiti — will raise its international profile and win it respect as a producer. But the group faces large hurdles.
0	  Chris Davis hit his major-league -best 41 st homer in Baltimore's four-run eighth inning, helping the Orioles beat the Padres, 10-3, in San Diego on Wednesday.Davis belted a tiebreaking three-run shot into the bleachers in right- center field on the first pitch from Colt Hynes. Brian Roberts tacked on a sacrifice fly, and the Orioles broke it open with three more runs in the ninth. REDS, ATHLETICS 5 Jay Bruce hit a two-run homer and threw out a runner at the plate, helping Cincinnati win at home against Bartolo Colon and Oakland .
3	 PARIS — Europe's Greens have got the blues.The antinuclear environmentalist movement that burst into politics in the 1980s as a youthful third force has suffered a string of setbacks in Germany and France, raising questions about its future.Germany's Greens, trailblazers of political ecology, lost ground in a Sept. 22 general election, finishing in fourth place at.4 percent. The result put the Greens behind the radical Left party and kept the party from securing the coalition they hoped to form with the center-left Social Democrats . The party's senior leaders resigned in response.
3	 Penciling In the Future: A visit to the pencil-making factory of Faber-Castell in Stein, Germany, one of the world's largest makers of writing instruments.STEIN, Germany — Count Anton-Wolfgang von Faber-Castell has been known to hurl wooden pencils from the tower of his castle to the stone courtyard below.It is not a petty fit of pique by a mad Bavarian aristocrat. The 72-year-old count, the eighth in a long line of pencil makers, just wants to prove how durable the pencils that carry his family name are.
3	  BRUSSELS — Transportation officials from around the world on Friday reached a preliminary agreement to develop global rules by the end of the decade that would control airline emissions . The action by the International Civil Aviation Organization, a United Nations body, represents the first major move toward industrywide rules to limit carbon pollution . I.C.A.O. has taken a significant step forward toward addressing aviation greenhouse gas emissions,  Anthony Foxx, the United States transportation secretary, said in a statement before the decision. The deal  ensures that all airlines are treated fairly wherever they fly.
0	  CHARLESTON, S.C. — Alex Rodriguez called his season's debut a success, even if the results Tuesday night didn't bear that out. Rodriguez played his first game since a miserable October and went hitless in two at-bats for the Charleston RiverDogs. In his first game since left hip surgery in January, Rodriguez grounded into a double play in his first time up then struck out looking against 23-year-old Williams Perez to end the third before coming out for the night.For Rodriguez, the individual outcome wasn't important after waiting nine months to play.
1	 Who wouldn't click on the headline  Animal Invisibility Cloak Makes Cat and Fish Vanish? Those of us who did were rewarded with one of the cooler science videos in recent memory, in which aforementioned animals did indeed vanish when they ducked behind aforementioned cloak, which was actually made of a special glass invention. Read on for details.
1	 It was a big day for marine biologists: On Oct. 13, the body of an 18-foot oarfish was dragged from the water onto Santa Catalina Island off the California coast, presenting a rare opportunity for local scientists to study one of the world's most elusive and awe-inspiring big fish .Five days later, it was a big day again: Another oarfish washed up 50 miles away, this one 14 feet with six-foot-long ovaries full of eggs.Pairs of oarfish have appeared within days of each other before, deepening the mystique that surrounds the animal.
1	 Learning Math? There's An App for That.: A team of software developers and academic researchers are trying to create a suite of educational apps that will hopefully ease the learning process for pre-schoolers (and their educators.LAWRENCE, Mass. — Elias was shy at first.  He's,  his teacher whispered when he would not say his age. He made no sound as his peers rushed to the tables with the iPads . When a friend grabbed the device to take his photo, he covered his eyes with his hands.Maybe it was the room full of strangers that had him a little spooked.
1	 Snakes can optimize their vision by controlling the blood flow in their eyes when they perceive threats, a new study from the University of Waterloo shows. Kevin van Doorn and Jacob Sivak of the university's science faculty discovered that the visual blood flow patterns of the coachwhip snake changed depending on its surroundings. And instead of eyelids, snakes have clear scales called spectacles, which work like windows, covering and protecting their eyes. The findings were published in the latest issue of The Journal of Experimental Biology.
0	 BERKELEY, Calif. — Collin Ellis returned two interceptions after deflected passes for touchdowns to help No. 22 Northwestern spoil Sonny Dykes' debut as California coach with a 44-30 victory on Saturday night .Ellis had a 56-yard return in the third quarter and then put the Wildcats (1-0) in control when he took another one back 40 yards midway through the fourth to take a 10-point lead.Those were rare blemishes on an otherwise strong debut by Jared Goff, who became the first true freshman ever to start the season opener for the Golden Bears .
3	 LONDON —   ArcelorMittal may close steel plants in Eastern Europe if the European economy continues to slump, the company's chairman and chief executive suggested  Friday as the company posted a net loss of $345 million for the first three months of.The chairman, Lakshmi N. Mittal, said during an interview that he expected world demand for steel to grow by 2 percent to 3 percent for the next two to three years. But he added that he was ''still worried about the global economy, especially the European economy .
4	  WASHINGTON — Federal agents arrested a man on Wednesday who is suspected of sending letters believed contaminated by the poison ricin to President Obama and a Republican senator . The F.B.I. identified the suspect as Paul Kevin Curtis of Corinth, Miss.The arrest, days after the letters were intercepted in mail-sorting facilities for the White House and the Capitol, was based on information collected  very early on  about who had sent the letters, an official said.Corinth is about 50 miles north of Tupelo, the hometown of Roger Wicker, the Republican senator to whom one of the letters was addressed.
0	  MIAMI — The New York Yankees and Premier League club Manchester City have formed a Major League Soccer (MLS) team to play in New York City from, aiming to win over America's largest sports market to the global game.City, owned by Sheikh Mansour of Abu Dhabi, will be the majority partner in New York City Football Club with the biggest name in baseball, the Yankees, as a minority partner active in running the team.
0	  CHICAGO — Miami Marlins pitcher Alex Sanabia said he didn't know it was illegal to spit directly onto a baseball .He knows now.Sanabia said Friday he spit on a baseball earlier in the week to get a better grip, not to get more movement on his pitches. He also repeated he didn't know it was illegal. I didn't know. I was in my zone and just grooving. It's something you live and learn from. I didn't mean anything bad by it or I didn't mean to do anything more,  Sanabia said.
2	 In, Arcade Fire was the new band everyone wanted to see at the CMJ Music Marathon, the annual New York showcase that packs more than,300 club sets into five days. Arcade Fire became the decade's quintessential CMJ success story, as glowing reviews and word of mouth from the band's independent-label debut album and small Lower East Side club shows propelled it onto radio and, eventually, to arena shows and an Album of the Year Grammy Award for its 2010 release,  The Suburbs.
3	 A large coalition of religious groups and investors is pressing major American retailers to join a sweeping plan to improve safety in Bangladesh apparel factories, calling on them to act together to force changes in overseas workplaces.In a letter released on Thursday, the 123 signers, including the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), the Unitarian Universalist Association and the A.F.L.-C.I.O., urged retail giants like Wal-Mart, Target, Sears and Gap to sign on to the factory safety plan that more than 30 European retailers embraced this week.The Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, which helped put together the letter, said the signers controlled.
2	 LONDON — The mind of the choreographer Mark Morris, as we read it in his dances, is bewilderingly diverse. I first saw his work 29 years ago, in its first London season, and he is as mysterious to me now as he was then — but more marvelously so. Last week, the week after the Mark Morris Dance Group's 25th-anniversary performances of  L'Allegro, il Penseroso ed il Moderato  at Lincoln Center, Mr. Morris presented seven recent works in two programs at Sadler's Wells Theater here.
4	 Affirmative Action's Contentious History: Sam Tanenhaus on the history of affirmative action, a program that dates back to the presidency of John F. Kennedy and has stirred debate for decades. WASHINGTON — Courts must take a skeptical look at affirmative-action programs at public colleges and universities, the Supreme Court ruled Monday, in a decision that is likely to set off a wave of challenges to race-conscious admissions policies nationwide.The 7-to-1 decision avoided giving a direct answer about the constitutionality of the program, used by the University of Texas at Austin, that was before the court .
2	 BURNABY, British Columbia — Evidence of witchcraft was all over the house — actually a soundstage in suburban Vancouver . A wine glass full of feathers. Apothecary bottles filled with dried roots and herbs. The bodies of beetles and scorpions, neatly mounted under glass. A wooden light fixture whose frame, when viewed from a certain angle, suggested a pentagram.You probably wouldn't notice the curios, most of them tucked discreetly on shelves or hanging on cluttered walls, unless you knew what they were: the stuff of spells, ancient bits of magic, hiding in plain sight .
0	 There is a changing of the guard for Europe's 2013 Solheim Cup team. This year marks the end of an era for England's Laura Davies, with Norway's Suzann Pettersen expected to play a greater leadership role for Europe.Davies has been the stalwart of the European team in all 12 previous Solheim Cup events, dating from the inaugural 1990 team match-play clash between Europe and the United States .But when the Europeans roll into Colorado this weekend for the 13th biennial Solheim Cup at the Colorado Golf Club near Denver, Davies will no longer be firing up her European teammates.
4	 The mayoral and City Council candidates in an Iowa town who were most closely aligned with the message promoted by Americans for Prosperity, the deep-pocketed conservative political group, were roundly defeated on Tuesday in a sharp rebuke of outside influence in local politics.The group, founded by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, did not back specific candidates, but it targeted incumbents in the town, Coralville, for their role in running up a $280 million debt .
1	 Q. Do plants feel pain ? When a tree is pruned, for example, does it suffer?A.  The answer depends on what one considers the phrase 'feel pain' to mean,  said Dr. Amy Litt, director of the plant genomic program at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx.Animal pain depends on having brains, nerves and so forth.  Plants don't have these,  she said.  Therefore we can say they don't feel pain . But plants do respond to being damaged or attacked, Dr. Litt added.
1	 CHOTEAU, Mont. — Across North America — in places as far-flung as Montana and British Columbia, New Hampshire and Minnesota — moose populations are in steep decline. And no one is sure why.Twenty years ago, Minnesota had two geographically separate moose populations. One of them has virtually disappeared since the 1990s, declining to fewer than 100 from,000.The other population, in northeastern Minnesota, is dropping 25 percent a year and is now fewer than,000, down from,000. (The moose mortality rate used to be 8 percent to 12 percent a year.) As a result, wildlife officials have suspended all moose hunting.
3	  WASHINGTON — Orders for long-lasting factory goods rose in June, bolstered by an increase in aircraft demand and more business spending . The increase suggests that American companies are more confident in the economy and could increase economic growth in the second half of the year.The Commerce Department said on Thursday that orders for durable goods increased.2 percent last month. That followed a.2 percent gain in May, which was revised higher.Most of the gain occurred because aircraft orders, which are volatile month to month, jumped.4 percent.
0	  SOUTH BEND, Ind. — Notre Dame nose guard Louis Nix III has signed with an agent and will forego his final year of eligibility to enter the NFL draft, where he is projected by many to be a first-round draft pick .Coach Brian Kelly also said at a news conference Sunday that defensive lineman Stephon Tuitt, a junior, has submitted paperwork to get an evaluation where he likely would be selected if he entered the draft. He also has been projected as a possible first-round pick .Kelly said he's talked some with Tuitt about his decision, but not in depth.
0	  LAS VEGAS — Midday temperatures on Monday climbed to 100 degrees around Las Vegas, the faraway outpost for the Mets ' organization, the place where first baseman Ike Davis will attempt to thaw his long and vexing cold spell.It felt as if Davis was banished to a state of purgatory on Sunday when the Mets shipped him to the Las Vegas 51s, the team's new Class AAA affiliate. It was a move that seemed inevitable, even overdue, given Davis's.161 batting average, but his surroundings as he attempts to re-establish his identity as a major league power hitter will be daunting.
1	  WASHINGTON — It is well known that young drivers are more likely than older ones to have accidents. But a visual analysis of national data on drunken driving puts the disparity into stark relief — and suggests whose lives might be saved by a proposal to lower the legal blood-alcohol limit.The recommendation, by the National Transportation Safety Board, urges the 50 states and the District of Columbia to lower the limit of.08 percent to.05 percent, the standard in most industrialized countries .Drivers younger than 26 cause the most auto fatalities in the United States, regardless of alcohol consumption.
0	  SAN FRANCISCO — Denver linebacker Shaun Phillips has forced enough fumbles in his day that he doesn't mind the occasional cleanup job of just pouncing on the ball and safely recovering it.He got a little more than that in the Broncos' 10-6 exhibition win against the San Francisco 49ers on Thursday night, scooping up D.J. Harper's second-quarter fumble and returning it 9 yards for the game's lone touchdown.The rest of the defense did its part making plays all over the field, too. The Super Bowl runner-up 49 ers had issues in all phases.
3	 LONDON — The battle for Telecom Italia's future heats up Friday when shareholders vote on whether to oust the company's board .Minority investors are seeking to combat a threat from the Spanish giant Telefónica, which has increased its stake in a holding company that owns around 22 percent of Telecom Italia . The investors assert that the current management strategy favors Telefónica's interests over theirs, and they oppose selling off assets worth billions of dollars to reduce Telecom Italia's debt .
2	 It's a hazard of just about any cross-country trip: irresponsible travelers who mar a beautiful view with litter or are insufferably loud or disrespect the rules of the road. It's not the end of the world, but it can certainly put you off your tea.But to the extremely picky and freely murderous vacationers of  Sightseers,  that sort of behavior simply cannot go unpunished.
4	  PHILADELPHIA — The mother of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed Florida teenager whose fatal shooting by a neighborhood watch volunteer has provoked a national debate over racial profiling and gun laws, appealed to a crowd of African-American advocates here Friday to  use my broken heart  to prevent a repeat of what happened to her son.
4	  WASHINGTON — In his effusive endorsement of Chuck Hagel as his choice for secretary of defense on Monday, President Obama set in motion a White House campaign that officials predict will overcome weeks of accusations that the Republican former senator from Nebraska is anti-Israel, antigay and soft on Iran .The president extolled Mr. Hagel's record as a decorated veteran of the Vietnam War, saying that he was  the leader that our troops deserve.  He described how Mr. Hagel once saved his brother, who was fighting alongside him, after he was wounded by a mine.
4	 THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — Bonnie Clarfield spent Thursday morning carrying out detritus from the government shutdown at the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area : park closure signs, caution tape, and armfuls of trash.Ms. Clarfield, a supervisory ranger at the park, north of Los Angeles, spent the first three hours of her workday taking down the signs — 16 of them, some torn in shreds — and cleaning up after vandals who had expressed their frustration with the shutdown, in some cases posting their own messages. One read,   Congress Can't Shut Down the Park.
1	  DENVER — As the Obama administration seeks to clear a path for more renewable energy projects, it has increasingly found itself caught between two staunch allies: the wind energy industry and environmental organizations. Tensions between both groups and the administration have risen since a new federal rule was announced this month allowing wind farms to lawfully kill bald and golden eagles under 30-year permits. Conservation groups reacted with anger to the rule, saying it gives wind farms too much leeway to operate without sufficient environmental safeguards and does not consider the long-term impact on eagle populations.
2	 DEEP catalog keeps getting deeper in the annual outpouring of boxed sets. The latest collections are less likely to be anthologies of hits — that's been done — than plunges into the archives. Superstars are represented by alternate versions, outtakes, live tracks, remixes and official versions of long-bootlegged material. Unknowns, meanwhile, get a new hearing, as compilers and collectors work through the holdings of ever more obscure labels and producers. Annotators, for their part, piece together stories, and art directors enjoy creating packages larger than a CD case .
0	  CINCINNATI — Running back Giovani Bernard slipped through the line, caught Andy Dalton's short pass, then turned and saw something shocking.One of the NFL's top defenses had given him a big opening.The elusive rookie turned the catch into a 27- yard touchdown on Monday night, one of his two scores that made all the difference in the Cincinnati Bengals' 20-10 victory over the struggling Pittsburgh Steelers . I saw green grass,  said Bernard, a second-round pick from North Carolina .  Once you see green grass, you've got to take it. You don't get many chances like that.
4	 Local and federal law enforcement authorities searched abandoned homes and lots in a Cleveland suburb on Sunday after the bodies of three women wrapped in plastic bags were discovered. Police officials said they arrested a man who might be involved in the case after a two-hour standoff on Friday at his mother's home in East Cleveland . The standoff began when officers went to the house with a search warrant.As of late Sunday, the man, identified as Michael Madison, 35, had not been charged. Police officials identified Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Saying that its debt could reach $45 billion by 2017 if Congress does not act, the Postal Service on Wednesday called on lawmakers to give it the flexibility to change its business model to keep itself solvent.During a hearing before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, Patrick R. Donahoe, the postmaster general, asked Congress to give the Postal Service permission to run its own health plan for employees and retirees, modify a Congressional mandate that requires the agency to pay.
1	 HAMDEN, Conn. — Lawrence F. Gall, an entomologist at the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale, bushwhacked his way through the muddy thickets leading to the River Road colony here, the epicenter of what is believed to be the world's only preserve dedicated to Magicicada septendecim, the 17-year periodical cicada. They're super-de-duper dense,  he observed, examining some of the roughly one million cicada nymphs that call this place home — about,500 to,000 of them per square yard.
4	 On the night of Feb. 2, William Doyle was working on   American Gun,  a book he was writing with Chris Kyle, the retired Navy SEAL who had vaulted to celebrity status with his first book,  American Sniper: The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History,  one year earlier.Mr. Kyle provided the framework and ideas for the new book, the full title of which is   American Gun : A History of the U.S. in Ten Firearms.  Mr. Doyle, an established nonfiction author, did much of the research and writing.
4	 WARRENSBURG, Mo. — President Obama tried to move past months of debate over guns, surveillance and scandal on Wednesday and reorient his administration behind a program to lift a middling economy and help middle-class Americans who are stuck with stagnant incomes and shrinking horizons.In speeches in two small college towns in the Midwest, Mr. Obama lamented that typical Americans had been left behind by globalization, Wall Street irresponsibility and Washington policies, while the richest Americans had accumulated more wealth.
4	  CINCINNATI — Outside a squat Cincinnati church within sight of an elementary school, dozens of people with guns braced against the Tuesday morning cold, waiting. They had guns in their hands and guns in their handbags, guns swaddled in blankets and guns plopped in plastic bags . A.22 here, a sawed-off there, guns everywhere, a few still loaded.Inside the church, two private security professionals with Glocks at the hip went over the ground rules for the gun buyback program about to begin.
3	 A COUPLE of weeks ago I inadvertently stirred up the ire of some flight attendants when I wrote that they complain about working conditions even more than those champion complainers, pilots.Many letters of complaint ensued from flight attendants . A typical one, from Barbara Vandehei, began,  We are not complainers.  The writer then described many gripes, including one that her airline had just reduced the number of flight attendants working its 737s to three from four.
3	  The Federal Aviation Administration is close to approving tests of Boeing 's approach to fixing the batteries on its 787 jets, and the tests could begin next week, federal and industry officials said Wednesday.The F.A.A. could still demand changes in Boeing's proposed new battery design if problems develop in the laboratory and flight tests, which will take several weeks. But the decision to start the tests will be a major step in Boeing's efforts to get the innovative jets, which have been grounded since mid-January, back in the air.
3	 BERLIN — With Greece's debt crisis an issue ahead of Germany's election next month, the highest-ranking German in the European Central Bank said on Monday that Athens could be eligible for additional aid and debt relief next year if it continued to fulfill promises for its current assistance. The Eurogroup will support Greece for the lifetime of the current program, and beyond,  said Jörg Asmussen, a member of the central bank's policy-making executive board, referring to the group of euro zone finance ministers .Mr.
3	 Shares of British electric utility companies fell sharply Wednesday, a day after the head of the opposition Labour party, Ed Miliband, vowed that if his party won the 2015 elections the government would  freeze gas and electric prices until the start of. The stock of the utility SSE lost 6 percent of its value Wednesday. Shares of another, Centrica, dropped by 5 percent, in a pattern that played out across the industry.Mr. Miliband, addressing the Labour Party conference, was reacting to growing public concern about rising energy bills .
4	  WASHINGTON — A federal judge on Thursday ordered the military to stop touching the groins of detainees at the prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, when they are moved from their cells to speak with lawyers . The procedure had led some prisoners to stop meeting with or calling their lawyers .In a 35- page opinion, Judge Royce C.
3	 Whatever the explanation, the states whose economies are most dependent on government employment and economic activity are also the states that are most likely to vote for Republicans, who generally campaign on promises to reduce the size of government .Consider one measure, the proportion of civilian employees in each state with government jobs, whether federal, state or local. Nationally, the proportion last month was 16 percent, the lowest figure since.But the variance among the 50 states is large. At the top of the list, with one out of four workers employed by the government, is Wyoming .
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama 's budget proposal, if enacted into law, would cut more than.1 trillion from the government's projected deficits over the next 10 years, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said on Friday. It would bring deficits down to near 2 percent of economic output, a level many economists consider safe in the long term . And it would hold them there for years to come.But the proposal, which was released just last month, has already been mostly forgotten in Washington .
1	 Astronomers said Thursday that they had found the most Earth-like worlds yet known in the outer cosmos, a pair of planets that appear capable of supporting life and that orbit a star,200 light-years from here, in the northern constellation Lyra.They are the two outermost of five worlds circling a yellowish star slightly smaller and dimmer than our Sun, heretofore anonymous and now destined to be known in the cosmic history books as Kepler, after NASA's Kepler spacecraft, which discovered them.
3	 On that day, unless Congress were to raise the debt ceiling, the Treasury would have only $30 billion cash on hand, putting the United States on the precipice of an unprecedented default, the department said on Wednesday.That warning – and the threat of a financial crisis – have become entangled in the budget and financial negotiations on Capitol Hill, where legislators are already engaged in a partisan battle that has led to a budget impasse that could shut down the federal government on Oct. 1.
0	 Buried deep inside nearly every goalkeeper in the world is a skillful field player fighting to get out. At least that is a theory shared by most of the world's goalkeepers.But on Saturday at Arsenal's Emirates Stadium, the keeper for Southampton, Artur Boruc of Poland, discovered that trying to outfox an opposing player on the dribble can have disastrous consequences.Boruc settled a backpass and then tried to pull some fancy moves against Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud, cutting the ball several times before Giroud stole it and walked in alone to score a goal in the game's 22nd minute.
0	 The historian Jacques Barzun once wrote,  Whoever wants to know the heart and mind of America had better learn baseball .  That notion probably goes double for Canada and hockey .The argument will be bolstered Tuesday with the publication of  A Great Game: The Forgotten Leafs and the Rise of Professional Hockey,  written by Stephen J. Harper, the Canadian prime minister . The book is no mere collection of thoughtful essays or policy recommendations, as one might expect from a sitting politician.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Claude Giroux scored the tying and winning goals in the final minutes of the third period, rallying the Philadelphia Flyers past the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-4 on Thursday night .Giroux scored two of the Flyers' five third-period goals as Philadelphia stormed back from a 3-0 hole.Giroux's 100th NHL goal was perhaps his most amazing, a backhanded and blind shot that beat Curtis McElhinney up high with:39 left. The Flyers captain had tied it with:39 left.Jakub Voracek, Braydon Coburn, Erik Gustafsson also scored goals for the Flyers .
4	 Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, for more than 25 years the savvy shepherd of the Roman Catholic Church in Los Angeles, retired nearly two years ago to a renovated yellow house behind his childhood parish, pledging to stay in the spotlight by continuing to fight for the rights of immigrants.But the cardinal now finds himself in a most unwelcome spotlight, one that he sought for years to avoid. Internal church personnel files released this week as part of a civil court case reveal that he and his top adviser knowingly shielded priests accused of child sexual abuse from law enforcement .
4	 LAKE WYLIE, S.C. — Some of the early shots in the Republican primary battle against Senator Lindsey Graham have been fired from this tiny community on the northern border of the state where the Civil War began.A small group called Carolina Conservatives United, one of dozens organized loosely under the flag of limited government, low taxes and strict adherence to the Constitution, sent out images last week of a milk carton bearing Mr. Graham's face and asked Gov . Nikki R. Haley to issue the state's version of an Amber Alert to find its missing senator .
4	  WASHINGTON — The National Rifle Association provoked a furious response from the White House on Wednesday by releasing a video accusing President Obama of being an  elitist  and a  hypocrite  because he opposes posting armed guards at schools, while his daughters have Secret Service protection .The video also prompted commentary on social media about whether the gun rights organization might have been too strident, even for its own members.The White House lashed out at the N.R.A. even as Mr.
2	 VENICE — Fifty years ago, Francesco Rosi's  Le mani sulla città  (Hands Over the City) won the Golden Lion at the film festival here. A new digital version — made by the Italian National Cinema archive from the original negative and two good prints — was screened this year in the  Venice Classics  sidebar category.The mainspring of the action is the sudden collapse of an old apartment block in the center of Naples, which sends people in the streets around it fleeing in terror .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration is secretly carrying out a domestic surveillance program under which it is collecting business communications records involving Americans under a hotly debated section of the Patriot Act, according to a highly classified court order disclosed on Wednesday night .
4	  WASHINGTON — The military judge in the trial of Pfc. Bradley Manning is expected to decide Thursday whether to drop a charge accusing Private Manning of   aiding the enemy   that could put him in prison for life. Civil liberties advocates said the judge's decision could set a precedent for whistle-blowers who leak information that gets posted on the Internet .
4	  DETROIT — The emergency manager who was sent to reverse the fortunes of this financially troubled city asked some of its creditors on Friday to accept pennies on the dollar as he laid out his plan for tackling Detroit's staggering debt, kick-starting negotiations that could determine whether the city is headed to bankruptcy court .Presenting a grim take on the city's fiscal standing in a closed-door meeting, the emergency manager, Kevyn Orr, a bankruptcy lawyer from Washington who was appointed in March, made a case to dozens of bondholders and union leaders that deep cuts alone cannot save Detroit .
1	 Bunnies, Dragons and the 'Normal' World: The normal distribution crops up many places in nature. The central limit theorem explains how it provides a near-universal expectation for averages of measurements.Statistics are used to describe the world. The average height of women in the United States, for example, is.8 inches. Statistics are also used to test our ideas. If your friend told you he is 130 pounds, and you also know that 98 percent of healthy adult males weigh more than this, you might have reason to be concerned about his health.
4	  WASHINGTON — As part of the climate change agenda he unveiled this year, President Obama made a commitment to significantly reduce the federal government's dependence on fossil fuels . The government, he said in a speech in June at Georgetown University,  must lead by example. But just two miles from the White House stands the Capitol Power Plant, the largest single source of carbon emissions in the nation's capital and a concrete example of the government's inability to green its own turf.
2	 An older gentleman proposes to a woman he has apparently known for a long time, though we have no idea who either one is. An angry man is released from prison, though it's not clear why he was there or what he's angry about. Some surly guy with a scar on his cheek annoys everyone he encounters by his mere presence. There are repeated references to dead babies, and DNA testing would help sort out the parentage of almost everyone under.
3	 My first job that mattered was on the Missouri Pacific Railroad, in. I hired out — railroad lingo — as a locomotive fireman, working the switchyards in Little Rock, Ark. I was, and knew almost nothing about anything — certainly not about real work, and not about how work almost always affiliates you significantly with the lives of others.
4	 Preaching Citizenship: A changing attitude in evangelical congregations like the First Baptist Church of Orlando, Fla., could help sway lawmakers as they consider immigration reform . ORLANDO, Fla. — In the pews of the First Baptist Church of Orlando, where thousands of evangelical Christians gather on Sundays to worship and sing, a change of heart is happening on the once toxic issue of immigration.Two years ago, national evangelical leaders began to speak out in favor of legislation to give legal status to immigrants in the United States illegally .
2	 September is not a prime time for old television shows . They quietly slip back onto the schedule, just happy to be there, while attention is lavished on the broadcast networks' latest pretty young things.And at the Primetime Emmys this month, the accent will continue to be on youth. In the glamour category, outstanding drama series, the nominees average a scant three seasons of existence.Prime time's old guard, meanwhile, doesn't get the same respect.
2	 It's late in the afternoon near the end of a long rehearsal day at the Metropolitan Opera House, and in a spacious room deep in the storied building's recesses, two illustrious sopranos, Anne Schwanewilms and Christine Goerke, look as though they might start a Rockettes kick line. Arms around each other's waists as they run through a triumphant final ensemble number in  Die Frau Ohne Schatten  ( The Woman Without a Shadow, the Richard Strauss opera that returns to the Met stage this Thursday night, the vocalists briefly cavort in lock step, beaming as they sing.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Larry Neely looked out across the expanse of an airport hotel conference room that usually holds conventions of labor unions, political groups or business executives.On this day, though, the chairs were filled with dozens of people who, like Mr. Neely, have had to register as sex offenders .Mr. Neely, who pleaded guilty to multiple counts of sexual indecency with a child dating to, said that at first,  I was terrified; I was hiding, hoping to stay under the radar. Across the room, men in the crowd nodded.
2	 To calm down, to catch my breath, I had to step out of the Royal Opera House and walk around part of Covent Garden . It was intermission, after a matinee performance of Frederick Ashton's one-act  A Month in the Country,  the centerpiece of a Royal Ballet program presented in July 1976 in London. The ballet, new earlier that year and entirely new to me, featured Lynn Seymour and Anthony Dowell. And it was hitting me, a young man from a farming family, like a body blow.
4	  STOCKTON, Calif. — Matthew R. Davies graduated from college with a master's degree in business and a taste for enterprise, working in real estate, restaurants and mobile home parks before seizing on what he saw as uncharted territory with a vast potential for profits — medical marijuana .He brought graduate-level business skills to a world decidedly operating in the shadows. He hired accountants, compliance lawyers, managers, a staff of 75 and a payroll firm . He paid California sales tax and filed for state and local business permits.
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans cut back sharply in July on their purchases of new homes, a sign that higher mortgage rates may slow the housing recovery .Sales of newly built homes dropped.4 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of,000, the Commerce Department said on Friday. That is the lowest in nine months. And sales fell from a rate of,000 in June, which was revised down from a previously reported,000.The housing rebound that began last year has helped drive economic growth and create more construction jobs . But mortgage rates have climbed a full percentage point since May.
1	 When dogs wag their tails, they can convey not just happiness but a wide array of emotions. As Italian researchers reported in, a wag to the left indicates negative emotions; a wag to the right indicates positive ones.Now the same team of scientists has found that no one knows this better than other dogs.In a new study reported in the journal Current Biology, the researchers had dogs watch videos of other dogs wagging their tails. When watching a tail wag to the left, the dogs showed signs of anxiety, like a higher heart rate .
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Parliament passed a resolution on Thursday demanding that the free-trade pact now under discussion with the United States exempt   audiovisual   industries so that countries like France could shelter their movie businesses from foreign competition.The resolution, which also called for similar protections to be granted for online media, underlined the sensitivity in parts of Europe to the encroachment of American culture. It also represented a reality check for trade talks that in their early stages had generated enormous optimism but could still bog down in trans-Atlantic acrimony.
3	 Within hours after a smoking battery forced a Boeing 787 to make an emergency landing on Jan. 16, Michael P. Huerta, the head of the Federal Aviation Administration, wrestled with where to set the bar to allow the jets back in the air if he grounded them.But as the day wore on, federal and industry officials said, Mr. Huerta concluded that the planes had to be grounded and that it was too difficult to create an   exit strategy   before he knew what had caused the problem.
1	 The Hadza people of Tanzania are among the last hunter-gatherer groups on earth, foraging on foot for most of their food. Now scientists have analyzed their movements and determined that they fit a mathematical pattern that also works for sharks, honeybees and other foraging animals.The pattern, called the Lévy walk, involves a series of short movements in one area combined with a few longer treks to more distant areas. This helps avoid repeated visits to the same spot,  said an author of the study, David Raichlen, an anthropologist at the University of Arizona .
0	 NEWARK — The Devils' Alexei Ponikarovsky looked across the ice Sunday at members of the Winnipeg Jets, recognizing them as teammates whom he hardly knew long enough to build lasting bonds .In a reflection of the unpredictability of player movement in all sports and of how General Manager Lou Lamoriello sometimes operates, the Devils acquired Ponikarovsky from the Carolina Hurricanes last season, allowed him to leave when he signed a one-year, $1.8 million contract with Winnipeg as a free agent last July, then reacquired him Feb. 13 after he had played a dozen games for the Jets.
0	  Manchester City once had a goalkeeper named Bert Trautmann. Trautmann, a German, spent his professional career in England and was known for his uncanny ability to save penalty kicks. His most famous moment, though, came when he helped City win the F.A. Cup at Wembley Stadium despite playing the final part of the game with a broken neck.That is not a misprint. With 15 minutes remaining that day, Trautmann was involved in a collision with an opposing striker.
3	  Home buyers purchasing energy-efficient properties could qualify for larger mortgages than their incomes would normally allow under a Senate bill reintroduced Thursday with broad real estate industry support.The measure would allow lenders to include projected energy savings from efficiency upgrades when measuring the borrower's income against expenses and the value of the home against the debt . In addition to giving borrowers larger loans in new purchases and refinancings, it could also lower their interest rates.
0	 Grant Gibbs is a senior point guard for Creighton, with neat brown hair and cornflower blue eyes . He was raised in Marion, a small city in eastern Iowa, where his mother was a home economics teacher at the local high school . His father works at the Quaker Oats cereal distribution factory in Cedar Rapids . He's kind of on the forefront of making Cap'n Crunch,  Gibbs said.Seated by the window at the Lighthouse at Chelsea Piers, in Manhattan, Gibbs watched the choppy waters of the Hudson River drift past. Several yachts were docked nearby.
3	 The city attorney of San Francisco sued Monster Beverage Corporation, the nation's biggest maker of highly caffeinated energy drinks, claiming Monday that it was marketing its products to children who might suffer ill effects from them.In a statement, Dennis J. Herrera, the city attorney, said he had acted because Monster Beverage, unlike some competitors, specifically marketed its products to children and younger teenagers. Monster Energy is unique among energy drink makers for the extent to which it targets children and youth in its marketing, despite the known risks its products pose to young people's health and safety,  Mr.
2	 Men have been having a tough time in Nashville for nearly a decade now, since Gretchen Wilson staked out  Redneck Woman  territory and took back women's claim on the genre's grit. For the last few years especially the masculinity crisis has been flaring up, leading to a spate of singers reduced to lightly felt songs thin on muscle.But it is not unmanly to feel deeply, which is often lost on the genre's simps and dullards, of which there have been many lately.
3	 I'M a 24-year-old entrepreneur in mobile technologies. I haven't been flying for business all that long, but it's really important to my company's growth . I almost always leave home without doing much in terms of checking on my flight, having ground transportation or a hotel reserved. That may sound irresponsible, but I've found that mobile apps can do almost everything for me when I'm on the road.I first learned about how an app could really be helpful when I and several colleagues were working around the clock on a presentation for a client in Los Angeles .
2	 In, Orson Welles made his debut as a feature film director with  Citizen Kane,  a fact well known to everyone who has ever taken Film .Less well known is that  Kane  wasn't Welles's debut as a filmmaker. That distinction belongs to  Hearts of Age,  an eight-minute parody of an avant-garde allegory that Welles, as the world's most precocious teenager, codirected with a friend, William Vance, at the Todd School for Boys in Woodstock, Ill.
2	 The visionary architect Frank Gehry remains committed to designing the performing arts center at the site of the former World Trade Center . But what exactly has Mr. Gehry been asked to design? What is it for? Which institutions, ensembles or companies will perform in the complex? Who will be its artistic leader?These basic questions seem more open than ever with the recent announcement that the Joyce Theater, the last remaining cultural organization of the four that were to be part of the arts complex at ground zero, will not anchor the center after all.
0	  CLEVELAND — The Cleveland Indians, boosted by a good-luck chicken and a pair of RBIs from both Yan Gomes and Ryan Raburn, beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-4 Wednesday night . Cleveland pitcher Justin Masterson carried a live chicken on to the field for batting practice . The bird, supplied by a clubhouse workers from an area farm, was a gift to reliever Cody Allen.The chicken spent most of batting practice standing with Cleveland's pitchers in front of the warning track in center field .
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama's choice of a replacement for the Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, is coming down to a battle between the California girls and the Rubin boys.Janet L. Yellen, the Fed's vice chairwoman, is one of three female friends, all former or current professors at the University of California, Berkeley, who have broken into the male-dominated business of advising presidents on economic policy . Her career has been intertwined with those of Christina D. Romer, who led Mr.
1	 Imagine taking a 10- story building, launching it, angling it so that it shifts 330 feet to the side as it rises 820 feet into the air – and then landing it on the same spot it started.That is essentially what the rocket scientists at Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, the company commonly known as SpaceX, did on Tuesday in their latest effort to develop a rocket that can be used again and again. Currently rockets are used just once, with the first stage disintegrating as it falls back to Earth.
0	  FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — It is Week 15 for the Jets, which means that they are, coming off a victory and preparing to head south for a game that will boost — or destroy — their faint playoff hopes .Faced with these circumstances last year, they embarrassed themselves at Tennessee . Faced with these circumstances this year, just how will the Jets react Sunday afternoon at Carolina ?There are hunches, no doubt, but little about this season makes sense .
0	 CORTLAND, N.Y. — New York Jets running back Joe McKnight appeared to be OK after he was carted to the locker room, wearing an oxygen mask, after dropping to the field during a drill Monday.McKnight, who has a history of migraine headaches, has been recovering from a head injury and dealing with dehydration during training camp .About an hour after being escorted to the locker room, he walked to the field to watch the end of practice in a T-shirt and shorts while wearing dark sunglasses.
2	 TO paraphrase Paul Simon, every generation sends an action hero up the box office charts, whether it was the swashbuckling Douglas Fairbanks in the silent era, the stoic John Wayne midcentury, the hip Steve McQueen in the 1960s and '70s, or the musclebound Sylvester Stallone in the '80s.The turn of the millennium offered its own template in Jason Statham, whose evolution from minor screen thug to global action star has brought him to  Parker,  opening Jan. 25, in which he plays the title character, the celebrated career criminal dreamed up by the novelist Donald E.
1	 The fossil, found in Liaoning Province in northeastern China, is the earliest known skeletal fossil of a multituberculate, and offers new insight into this mammal group's incredible success. Multituberculates thrived alongside dinosaurs for more than 100 million years and then outlived them for 30 million years before becoming extinct, making way for rodents.The newly described species, Rugosodon eurasiaticus, had highly ornamented teeth, with many wrinkles and creases. This is a sign that multituberculates started out as omnivores, researchers said.
3	  WASHINGTON — A few months of scrambled economic data have not altered the Federal Reserve 's basic view that the American economy is gaining strength, nor its intention to start pulling back soon from its stimulus campaign, the Fed's chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, said Tuesday evening .Mr. Bernanke, in a speech with valedictory overtones as he prepares to step down, described the Fed's efforts to revive the economy since 2008 as coherent, consistent and successful. And he emphasized once again that even as the Fed begins to retreat, it would maintain the bulk of the campaign for years to come.
3	 With Washington State on the verge of a ballot initiative that would require labeling of some foods containing genetically engineered ingredients and other states considering similar measures, some of the major food companies and Wal-Mart, the country's largest grocery store operator, have been discussing lobbying for a national labeling program.Executives from PepsiCo, ConAgra and about 20 other major food companies, as well as Wal-Mart and advocacy groups that favor labeling, attended a meeting in January in Washington convened by the Meridian Institute, which organizes discussions of major issues.
4	  CHICAGO — Facing a primary election last year, Representative Jesse Jackson Jr . was taking no chances. He gathered dozens of local pastors for a news conference here, where they prayed against  political demonic forces   and fiercely endorsed the 17-year congressman for another term. They've known my highest moments, and they've known my lowest moments,  Mr. Jackson said of the mostly African-American ministers who surrounded him.  And on some Saturdays and on every Sunday each one of these pastors prays for somebody just like me.
2	  SAN FRANCISCO — Around midnight on Thursday in the Mission district here, Dave Chappelle was standing onstage in a converted church called the Chapel when a member of the packed audience yelled,  Why make a comeback? Looking fit in a casual black shirt, Mr.
3	  Orders for long-lasting manufactured goods surged in November and a gauge of planned business spending on capital goods recorded its largest increase in nearly a year, pointing to sustained strength in the American economy .While another report on Tuesday showed new-home sales slipped in November, sales in October were revised to show the highest pace in more than five years. In addition, house prices rebounded, underscoring the economy's improving fundamentals. We are coming out of the shadows of the Great Recession in many ways,  said Robert A. Dye, chief economist at Comerica in Dallas .
4	 In a speech that began her campaign for lieutenant governor, State Senator Leticia Van de Putte offered examples of what she considered negligence by the state's Republican leadership. They've even talked about taking paved highways and turning them into gravel roads, as if they think that you can grow a 21 st-century economy on a 19th-century transportation system,  Ms. Van de Putte, a Democrat from San Antonio, said as the crowd booed the Republican plan .
4	  SAN DIEGO — Dr. Ted Mazer is one of the few ear, nose and throat specialists in this region who treat low-income people on Medicaid, so many of his patients travel long distances to see him.But now, as California's Medicaid program is preparing for a major expansion under President Obama's health care law, Dr. Mazer says he cannot accept additional patients under the government insurance program for a simple reason: It does not pay enough. It's a bad situation that is likely to be made worse,  he said.His view is shared by many doctors around the country.
4	 Maybe lawmakers should write a legislative ethics bill that would not take effect for 50 years.That would remove their instincts for self-preservation, and the fear that they are passing judgment — with the voters watching — on their own transgressions and those of their colleagues .Asking an active politician to write rules for how to behave in elections and in office is like asking professional athletes to outlaw the drugs, supplements, transfusions and whatnot that make them more successful competitors . Meanwhile, the reputations of honest players come into question whenever their less-trustworthy colleagues break the rules.
2	 A storied New York institution imports a festival of hip-hop, that pride of the Bronx, from Britain. The notion, as Jonzi D, the founder, artistic director and host of the festival, joked in a recent Skype interview, sounds like  bringing ice to the Inuit.  But next weekend, for the first time, Breakin' Convention will travel across the Atlantic to the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Hip-hop festivals abound in New York, but Jonzi D (whose given name is David Jonathon John) said they don't showcase the kind of hip-hop dance theater that has exploded in Britain and Europe and Brazil.
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — James E. Holmes deserves to die for killing 12 people in a storm of bullets inside a packed Colorado movie theater last July, prosecutors said in a hearing here on Monday. For James Eagan Holmes, justice is death,  the district attorney for Arapahoe County, George Brauchler, said in court, announcing a long-awaited decision that adds new strata of complexity and consequence to the legal case against Mr. Holmes.In deciding to pursue the death penalty, prosecutors rejected a plea offer floated last week by Mr.
2	 Great Jones Street is a blip on the map of Manhattan, but it has great personal resonance for the Miser, who first laid eyes on the future Ms. Miser there in the waning days of the 20th century.The tiny street was also home to Fez Under Time Cafe, which, lamentably, vacated its spot at the corner of Lafayette in 2005 after a good run. Truth be told, the cutting-edge contemporary rock and pop the Miser usually saw there never quite did justice to the mysterious, Moroccan -themed ambience of the place.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that Nigerian plaintiffs who said foreign oil companies had been complicit in violating their human rights may not sue in American courts . The decision limited the sweep of a 1789 law that had been used to address human rights abuses abroad.The decision was unanimous, but the justices divided along ideological lines in their reasoning. Human rights groups said the decision was a sharp blow.
3	 SHANGHAI — Chinese officials are investigating the Swiss food packaging giant Tetra Pak for  abusing its market dominance  in China, the latest in a growing number of multinational companies to come under regulatory scrutiny.China's State Administration of Industry and Commerce said on its Web site Friday that it had started an investigation, but it offered few details about why it was looking into Tetra Pak, which makes food and beverage packages.Christopher Huntley, a Tetra Pak spokesman, said Friday that this was the first time the government had formally investigated the company on antitrust grounds.
0	  DETROIT — The Chicago Blackhawks were controlling the puck and dominating play early in the second period. It took all of a half-minute for the Detroit Red Wings to swing the momentum.Gustav Nyquist and Drew Miller scored 31 seconds apart midway through a previously scoreless game, helping the Red Wings beat the Blackhawks 3-1 on Monday night for a 2-1 lead in their Western Conference second-round series.The top-seeded Blackhawks refused to roll over, pulling to 2-1 on Patrick Kane's goal:35 into the third period, and were a judgment call away from tying it about a minute later.
4	 More than two years after Homeland Security officials told Congress that they would produce new, more accurate standards to assess security at the nation's borders, senior officials from the department acknowledged this week that they had not completed the new measurements and were not likely to in coming months, as the debate proceeds about overhauling the immigration system.
4	 OXON HILL, Md. — Mitt Romney came to the conservatives' yearly retreat here on Friday and urged them to  make sure that we learn from my mistakes, and from our mistakes. But what those lessons are, and what should be done about them, has been a matter of deep disagreement at the gathering.
3	 RÜSSELSHEIM, GERMANY — As they prepare to meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, top managers of General Motors sought to dispel any doubts about the company's commitment to its unprofitable Opel unit in Europe, reiterating plans to invest billions in new models and break even by the middle of the decade. We are more convinced than ever that G.M. must have a strong presence in Europe generally and particularly — especially — here in Germany,  Daniel F. Akerson, the chairman and chief executive of G.M., said Wednesday at the Opel headquarters in Rüsselsheim, near Frankfurt.
0	  PALERMO, Sicily — Top-seeded Sara Errani beat Barbora Zahlavova Strycova at the Italiacom Open again, this time to reach the quarterfinals on Wednesday. Errani won, 6-2, a year after beating Zahlavova Strycova in the final for her second Palermo title . Errani will next face seventh-seeded Silvia Soler-Espinosa of Spain, who advanced after Croatian opponent Mirjana Lucic- Baroni retired while trailing, 1-0.Five-time winner Anabel Medina Garrigues was knocked out, 6-1 by Dinah Pfizenmaier of Germany.Renata Voracova of the Czech Republic also won her second-round match against local wild card Corinna Dentoni, 6-1.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — A county prosecutor in this small town southeast of Dallas was fatally shot on Thursday morning near the courthouse by one or perhaps two gunmen, whom witnesses described as wearing masks, black clothing and tactical-style vests, the authorities said.The prosecutor, Mark E. Hasse, worked in the Kaufman County district attorney's office in Kaufman, a town of,800 people about 35 miles from Dallas . He was shot several times shortly before 9 a.m. as he walked in an employee parking lot about a block from the courthouse.
0	 UNIONDALE, N.Y. — There was a buoyant atmosphere in the Islanders ' locker room after practice and their surprising Game 2 victory at Pittsburgh . Now they had a chance to contemplate Sunday's afternoon matchup — their first playoff game at home since 2007 — at what is expected to be a raucous Nassau Coliseum .After a 5-0 loss in the series opener on Wednesday, the Islanders rallied from a 3-1 deficit to defeat the Penguins, 4-3, on Friday night and even the series at a game apiece, spoiling Sidney Crosby's return from a broken jaw.
3	  Standard & Poor's on Tuesday denounced a $5 billion fraud lawsuit by the United States government as retaliation for its 2011 decision to strip the country of its AAA credit rating .The McGraw Hill Financial unit of S.& P. was the only major credit rating agency to remove the United States' top rating, and the only one the Justice Department sued over claims of misleading banks and credit unions about the credibility of its ratings before the 2008 financial crisis .In a filing on Tuesday in Federal District Court in Santa Ana, Calif., S.& P.
3	 When the BMW i3 finally rolls out this year in Europe and next year in North America, it will undoubtedly turn heads, but it is also very different in that it is designed to cash in on the space, handling and design that an electric drive train and ultra light carbon fiber body allow.But the futuristic look and feel of the car will probably be the most important factors in convincing drivers that it is stylish to drive green.
1	 Multiple Walter Whites will walk the streets on Thursday in search of candy. But some frights endure the fashion cycle and never go out of style.This week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a team of scientists examines one particularly long-lasting source of fear: snakes. The researchers found that certain neurons in the brain only respond to these legless reptiles. These snake-dedicated neurons, they argue, are a legacy of our distant primate past, when the animals posed one of the greatest threats to our survival.The new study builds on years of experiments by psychologists.
3	  Preet Bharara, the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan, after authorities announced criminal charges against SAC Capital Advisors, including four counts of securities fraud and one count of wire fraud . I have absolutely no doubt that with cheaper research comes greater risk . Eric G. Campbell, a professor of health care policy at Harvard Medical School . Executives at the British drug maker GlaxoSmithKline were warned nearly two years ago about problems with the way the company conducted research at its drug development center in China, an internal audit found.
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. —  Hello, Merion Golf Club . May I help you?  Yes. Can I speak to a rules official from the U.S. Golf Association, please. I saw a twig move.  Sir, thousands of twigs get tossed around here every day. It's a golf course.  Yeah, but this one was moved by Tiger Woods' backswing, in a fairway bunker on No. 16.  Excuse me, but how would you know that? There's no place for fans to see anything on. There's barely places to stand on that hole.  I'm not there.
0	  LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — It was supposed to be a triumphant moment for the Mets, Curtis Granderson onstage smiling for photographs, holding his new, pinstriped No. 3 jersey, flanked by Jeff Wilpon and Sandy Alderson . Granderson was the biggest free-agent signing of Alderson's tenure as the general manager . He was the newest face of the franchise, the cleanup hitter to team with David Wright .The news conference started, and Granderson said hi to his mother. He said he stayed in New York to continue his charity work. He poked fun at the Yankees .
0	 ARDMORE, Pa. — This wasn't the way it was supposed to end, not on Phil Mickelson's birthday and not at Merion Golf Club, where history will record with little fanfare outside of England that Justin Rose won his first major championship .When the rain began falling on the back nine Sunday after Mickelson pitched in for an eagle on the 10th hole to take the lead in the U.S. Open, you half expected a rainbow to appear amid the clouds with a trophy at the end of it and bearing Mickelson's name.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — The first round of jury selection resumed Tuesday morning in the second day of the murder trial of George Zimmerman, with lawyers trying to discern prospective jurors' exposure to the sensationalized case and any leanings they may harbor.The first prospective juror questioned on Tuesday – and the fifth person so far – conceded that he was fearful of backlash should his identity be made public.  I would be afraid that if I anger strangers that someone would retaliate,  he said.
0	  Roy Hibbert had 24 points and 8 blocks, both season highs, leading the unbeaten Indiana Pacers past the visiting Milwaukee Bucks, 104-77, on Friday night .The Pacers became the first team since the 2002-3 Dallas Mavericks to open a season at. Indiana has beaten all four of its Central Division opponents and will have an opportunity to maintain its unblemished record Saturday night at Chicago . Hibbert had plenty of help. Paul George scored 10 of his 22 points in the third quarter, and Lance Stephenson finished with 11 points .
2	 On the Internet found material is often recycled as comedy : a decade-old commercial, a foreign music video, an amateur's footage from the zoo. But for the Brooklyn comedy troupe Sunset Television the opposite is true. Its videos are meant to play like artifacts discovered in serpentine YouTube searches.Take the sketch   Real Life Exorcisms,  from, a 3-minute-20-second video modeled on paranormal reality shows like  Ghost Hunters: the sound design, captions and mood are indistinguishable from the material it parodies.
3	 The airline industry took a decisive step toward greater concentration on Thursday with the announcement that American Airlines and US Airways had agreed to merge, forming the nation's biggest airline. The merged airline, to be called American, leaves just three major carriers — Delta Air Lines and United Airlines too — able to offer extensive domestic and international service, a sharp contraction over the last decade.But while airline executives argue that mergers are good for passengers because they bring more service to more destinations, some economists and consumer advocates warn that all this consolidation comes at a price for travelers.
0	 BETHESDA, Md. — Jordan Spieth appeared well on his way to stardom when he won his second United States Junior Amateur championship in. He became the second golfer to win the tournament multiple times, joining some guy named Tiger Woods . But if expectations weighed on Spieth, it did not show, at least not during his freshman season at the University of Texas, where he promptly led the Longhorns to a national championship .
2	 She played tennis like a man: muscular, aggressive, fast on her feet. But Billie Jean King was all about girl power, crusading for gender equality on the court and off. And in 1973 — a year in which  Ms.  was added to the United States government's list of acceptable prefixes, and the Supreme Court legalized abortion — she faced Bobby Riggs in the Battle of the Sexes.As the world knows, she won.  When he jumped over the net, his first thing he said to me was, 'I underestimated you,'   she recalled. He was perhaps the only one.
2	  LOS ANGELES —   The Wind Rises   is the type of art film that typically speeds into the Oscar race. Critics at film festivals have swooned over its nuance. It delivers messages about turbulent modern times by examining traumatic events of the past. The film's 72-year-old director and writer, Hayao Miyazaki, a cinematic giant, has said the ambitious animated picture will be his last, a final bow.Instead,   The Wind Rises   is entering the Oscar competition on tiptoe.
4	 Yet in his few quiet moments, this president seeks not to escape to the delicious back-stabbing of the   Real Housewives   or the frivolity of the singing teenagers on  Glee.  By his own accounts, Mr. Obama is drawn in his spare time to shows like HBO's   Game of Thrones   and  Boardwalk Empire,  the kind of heavy, darkly rendered television that echoes the sadness and strife that make up so much of his workday.These days, when Mr.
4	  PHOENIX — President Obama hailed both this city's and the country's comeback from the housing bust on Tuesday, and said it was now time to reduce the federal role and risk in the mortgage market  to make sure the kind of crisis we went through never happens again. He proposed to  wind down  Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for the first time outlining his approach to overhauling the two giant mortgage-finance companies that were taken over by the government when they failed nearly five years ago . The companies, which Mr.
2	 TELLURIDE, Colo. — I know, I know, it's much too early to be thinking about the Academy Awards, and Oscar talk is considered a bit gauche up here, but the Telluride Film Festival has had the distinction, for three years running, of providing the first North American screens for the eventual best picture winners. If your head for recent Oscar trivia is as bad as mine, I'll share the fruits of my Googling and remind us all that those movies were  The King's Speech,   The Artist  and  Argo.
3	 LONDON — ArcelorMittal's acquisition of an ailing rival's steel plant in Alabama signals confidence in the economic recovery and may herald a resurgence of deal-making by ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steel maker, its chief executive suggested on Sunday.ArcelorMittal announced on Friday that it would join the Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation to buy the steel-finishing plant in Calvert, Ala., from a European rival, ThyssenKrupp, for.55 billion. In a conference call with reporters on Sunday, ArcelorMittal's chief executive and chairman, Lakshmi N.
4	  HONG KONG — The Boston Marathon bombings last month hit the home of some of the world's greatest universities . As the terror and violence played out in America's education and research hub, each twist and turn seemed to touch on the very campuses that draw the best and brightest from across the globe.Lu Lingzi, a graduate student at Boston University who was originally from the Chinese rust-belt city of Shenyang, was one of the three victims killed by the bombs.
0	 (Reuters) - The memory of Filippo Inzaghi's transfer from Juventus 12 years ago stirred at AC Milan on Friday as Italy forward Alessandro Matri returned to the Rossoneri from the Serie A champions after six years away.Matri, 29, who signed for an undisclosed fee, was a product of Milan's academy system and made his debut for Milan in 2003 before going on to successful spells at Cagliari and Juventus, the latter where he scored 27 goals in 69 matches. Matri will get the number nine jersey. His arrival reminds me of Pippo Inzaghi's, 12 years ago .
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — NASA's planet-hunting telescope has discovered two planets that seem like ideal places for some sort of life to flourish. And they are just the right size and in just the right place.One is toasty, the other nippy.The distant duo are the best candidates for habitable planets that astronomers have found so far, said William Borucki, the chief scientist for NASA's Kepler telescope. And it's got astronomers thinking that similar planets that are just about right for life —  Goldilocks planets  — might be common in the universe.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — Appearing at the home of an outspoken critic of the Keystone XL pipeline, President Obama on Wednesday night told a group of high- dollar donors that the politics of the environment  are tough. Mr. Obama appears to be leaning toward the approval of the pipeline, although he did not specifically mention it to the donors. But he acknowledged that it is hard to sell aggressive environmental action — like reducing pollution from power plants — to Americans who are still struggling in a difficult economy to pay bills, buy gas and save for retirement.
3	 U.S. stocks maintained earlier gains on Thursday after trading resumed at the Nasdaq exchange following a more than three hour halt in the afternoon, caused by a problem in distributing stock price quotes.Traffic on the exchange stopped at:14 p.m. Eastern time, the exchange said on its Web site . Trading continued on the New York Stock Exchange .Before the disruption, Wall Street was trading higher, as solid economic figures out of China and Europe helped lift the mood in a week when investors have been largely fretting over when the Federal Reserve would start to reduce its monetary stimulus program .
0	  MIAMI — Cliff Lee pitched a three-hitter for his 12th career shutout and Delmon Young homered for the second straight game, sending the Philadelphia Phillies past the Miami Marlins 3-0 on Wednesday night .Lee (5-2) struck out five, walked two and hit a batter in his first shutout since Sept. 5, 2011. The Marlins were blanked for the ninth time this season.Lee also helped himself by getting two hits.Young hit a solo home run off Kevin Slowey (1-5) in the fourth. It was Young's third homer, including a drive off Miami's Jose Fernandez on Tuesday night .
2	  Macklemore & Ryan Lewis are one of the hottest acts on pop radio these days, having scored No. 1 hits with the lighthearted novelty song   Thrift Shop   and its bouncy follow-up  Can't Hold Us. That is no small feat for a rap duo from Seattle without a major-label contract, but their single  Same Love  has the potential to be groundbreaking in a different way: it is the first song to explicitly embrace and promote gay marriage that has made it into the Top, gay-rights advocates and radio executives said.
3	 MetLife, the nation's largest life insurer, said Tuesday that it would make its business more transparent by moving some deals for hedging risk back to the United States from offshore, pleasing regulators but underwhelming the stock market .For a number of years, MetLife has been using a Bermuda subsidiary, Exeter Reassurance, to reinsure several billion dollars' worth of variable annuity contracts, in which customers pay in advance to receive guaranteed payments in retirement. By buying the reinsurance, MetLife was able to remove the obligations to these policyholders from its balance sheet .
4	 CLEARWATER, Fla. — For as long as most people here can remember, Representative C. W. Bill Young presided over this slice of Florida's west coast, tending assiduously to veterans and retirees, crystalline beaches, and a booming population. By the time he died at 82 two months ago after 43 years in Congress, Mr. Young was the longest-serving Republican in Congress, and with good reason: He was untouchable at the ballot box .Mr. Young's personal dominance kept the seat frozen in place for four decades.
3	  WASHINGTON — Jim Yong Kim, the genial American physician who took over as the president of the World Bank last year, recently conducted a survey of its,000 employees. The survey revealed a  culture of fear,  pervasive  fear of risk  and a  terrible  environment for collaboration at the huge development institution, which lends more than $30 billion a year and works in more than 100 countries .
3	 LONDON — After six years of fruitless attempts to make money in the United States, the supermarket chain Tesco said Wednesday that its withdrawal from the market would come at a big cost.Tesco has yet to decide how to exit the U.S. market, where it set up the Fresh & Easy convenience stores in, but said it would cost.2 billion, or.8 billion. Some analysts have said the withdrawal, which was decided in December, comes after the British chain grossly misjudged American consumer habits.
4	 A Nevada middle school student shot and killed a math teacher on Monday, then fatally shot himself in front of children who were gathering for class at the beginning of the school day, the authorities said.The teacher was killed while trying to protect other students from the armed boy, the authorities said. The Associated Press reported that the teacher was identified as Michael Landsberry by his sister-in-law, Chandra Landsberry. She said he was a military veteran with a wife and two stepdaughters.
2	 On Friday night in the Bronx, the hometown king Jay-Z will take over Yankee Stadium for the first of two nights, a tag-team event with an again-ascendant Justin Timberlake . It's a gimme, as these things go, an event too big to fail. By comparison, what's taking place out at the Nikon at Jones Beach Theater on Long Island the same night — the  America's Most Wanted Festival  — might feel small, but it's the more intriguing statement about hip-hop now.
3	  WASHINGTON — American import prices rose for a second month in September as the cost of petroleum increased, but there was no sign of a buildup in imported inflation pressures .Import prices rose .2 percent last month after a revised.2 percent gain in August, the Labor Department said on Wednesday. Import prices had previously been reported as being flat in August.The September increase was in line with the consensus forecast of economists surveyed by Reuters. In the 12 months through September, import prices fell .0 percent. This decline most likely reflects the dollar's strength earlier in the year.
2	 A Chat With David O. Russell: The director David O. Russell talks to Melena Ryzik about personal storytelling at the Ghetto Film School in the South Bronx .Any writer knows the sinking feeling: This line, this draft, this entire project, is not quite working. Time to face that frustratingly blank page again. Revisions are not any easier when the starting point involves someone else's words.David O. Russell wrote 20 drafts of the screenplay for   Silver Linings Playbook,  based on a novel by Matthew Quick.
4	  ATLANTA — The police on Tuesday released a recording of the 911 call from a panicked Charlotte, N.C., homeowner that led to the death of a 24-year-old black man at the hands of an officer who shot him 10 times.The car of the man, Jonathan Ferrell, went off the road at about 2 a.m. Saturday in a Charlotte subdivision. He kicked out the back window and made his way to the woman's house, banging on her door, the police said.
4	 A regional province of the Capuchin religious order that had fought allegations of sexual abuse for decades decided last year to open its files dating to the 19th century to three independent auditors, in what the order claimed to be a first in the long-running Roman Catholic Church abuse scandal in the United States .The auditors' report, released on Tuesday, found that sexual abuse by friars in the St . Joseph Province of the Capuchin Order was discussed at meetings as far back as, the first year for which minutes of meetings were available.
0	 NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The Arizona Cardinals care only about stacking up wins as they push for a playoff berth in the rugged NFC .Needing a few extra minutes is no problem at all.Jay Feely kicked a 41-yard field goal in overtime, and the Cardinals edged the Tennessee Titans 37-34 in overtime after blowing a 17-point lead late in the fourth quarter . It's not like the BCS,  Feely said.  You don't get style points. You've just got to win a game and move onto the next one and, hopefully, keep winning.
4	  Tens of thousands of immigrants, Latinos and other supporters of an overhaul of the immigration system turned out on Wednesday for marches, rallies and prayer vigils, hoping to show Congress that momentum is building for a path to citizenship for 11 million immigrants in the country illegally .Instead of concentrating on large May Day demonstrations, organizers said they had chosen to hold smaller actions in more than 100 cities nationwide to draw more local supporters .There were marches in Birmingham, Ala., and Milwaukee, and a rally on the steps of the state Capitol in Denver . In Bozeman, Mont.
3	  WASHINGTON — After a series of costly and embarrassing accidents in its efforts to drill exploratory wells off the north coast of Alaska last year, Royal Dutch Shell announced on Wednesday that it would not return to the Arctic in.The company's two drill ships suffered serious accidents as they were leaving drilling sites in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas last fall and winter and are being sent to Asia for repairs. Shell acknowledged in a statement that the ships would not be repaired in time to drill during the short summer window this year.
3	 THE morning after a catastrophic earthquake leveled buildings and killed thousands of people in Haiti in, an Internet marketing millionaire from St . George, Utah, named Jeremy Johnson decided to cancel all his business meetings and arrange his own ad hoc aid mission.Mr. Johnson, 34 at the time, had never traveled to Haiti before. But his decision to stage a private airlift, using his own aircraft, did not surprise his friends and family . They were used to his impulsive acts of magnanimity.Six feet tall, with unruly red hair and a toothy grin, Mr. Johnson was well-known around St .
3	 PARIS — The leaders of the European Union, mired in recession and battered by increasing opposition from voters, are desperate for political success to promote economic growth . They are pushing for a rapid negotiation of a trade agreement with the United States aimed at expanding commerce and creating jobs .But many experts say any such deal faces long odds .France has already raised objections about its  cultural exception,  which is aimed at protecting subsidized, domestic movies and television programs, and continued to press the issue ahead of a meeting on Friday of the European Union's trade ministers .
3	 PARIS — European auto sales declined again in August, an industry group reported on Tuesday, erasing a rare gain in July.New passenger- car registrations fell 5 percent in August from a year earlier, the European Automobile Manufacturers Association reported from Brussels, after a 5 percent increase in July. The July gain was only the second year-over-year rise in, after a.7 percent rise in April.The association released data for both July and August simultaneously after its summer recess.
2	 PORT CHESTER, N.Y. — Phil Lesh has logged countless miles on the road as the bassist of the Grateful Dead and, since the late 1990s, in various post-Dead ensembles. But at, he is looking for a change. I'm done with one-nighters,  he said before a Phil Lesh and Friends show on Friday at the Capitol Theater here.  I've been on the road now for 46 years, and I've gotten go to a point where I'm jealous of all the time that I waste on buses and sitting around waiting to go on.
4	  WASHINGTON — With studies suggesting that long lines at the polls cost Democrats hundreds of thousands of votes in November, party leaders are beginning a push to make voting and voter registration easier, setting up a likely new conflict with Republicans over a deeply polarizing issue. White House officials have told Congressional leaders that the president plans to press for action on Capitol Hill, and Democrats say they expect him to highlight the issue in his State of the Union address next week.
0	 ARLINGTON, Texas — Jason Kipnis had a home run among his three hits and the Cleveland Indians got a series-clinching 5-2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night .A night after ending an eight-game losing streak, and a span of 12 losses in a row away from home, the Indians made it consecutive victories to clinch their first road series in a month. They had gone 0-4-1 in series since taking two of three May 10-12 at Detroit, the only American League team with a better home record than Texas this season.
4	 The Times is answering readers' questions about the new health care exchanges in the Your Money column. The latest one covered many of the basics. You can find earlier installments on In Practice. If you're still not sure how the law affects you and your family, please e-mail your questions to tsbernard@nytimes.com.Q. If I buy a lower cost plan this year (say a bronze plan, will I have a chance to choose a better plan in some sort of open enrollment period another year? Or am I locked into my choice? –Bill, Kansas City .A.
1	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Two astronauts will make a hastily planned spacewalk Saturday to try to fix an ammonia leak in the power system of the International Space Station .The leak in a cooling system was discovered Thursday when  snowflakes  of ammonia were seen flying away from the station. Engineers on Earth were up overnight plotting an impromptu spacewalk.Spacewalks are rarely done on such short notice, but the space agency wanted to check out the leak before all the ammonia escaped and also to take advantage of a spacewalking crew member who is about to return home.
4	  WASHINGTON — A former manager with the Army Corps of Engineers was sentenced to more than 19 years in prison on Thursday for orchestrating a $30 million bribery and kickback scheme that the authorities called historic in scope. Judge Emmet G. Sullivan of federal district court called the conduct of the former manager, Kerry F. Khan,  shocking, vicious and cruel,  and the judge imposed a sentence four years longer than what prosecutors had recommended. He was also ordered to pay .5 million in restitution to the Army Corps of Engineers .Mr. Khan, 55, of Alexandria, Va.
3	  HOUSTON — Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell reported sharply lower third-quarter earnings on Thursday because of weaker profit margins in refining and a sluggish global economy .Despite relatively high oil prices and slowly improving natural gas prices in the United States, the results for much of the oil and gas sector this earnings season have been mediocre. Large companies have generally been slow to take advantage of the boom in domestic shale oil drilling, leaving the field open to smaller and more agile companies like Continental Resources, Apache and Pioneer Natural Resources .
3	 Three years on, debate still rages over what is to blame for the euro crisis and what to do about it. Meanwhile, large parts of the euro zone are in a deep recession, and the talents of a generation of young people are being wasted.In looking at what went wrong, some point to the profligacy of borrowers, while others stress the design flaws in the system. Yet others pin the blame on how the crisis has been managed.
0	  SEATTLE — The smoke began billowing innocently from hand-held devices, with colors that were a vague semblance of Sounders blue and green. By the time the thick plumes rose into the air above the several thousand marchers, it had combined into a black mixture, not unlike the byproduct of burning coal . Red flares helped little to light the way.To venture into the layer of smoke hovering above the crowd meant subjecting oneself to watery eyes and challenging breathing conditions. Soccer fans, it turns out, wear scarves for a reason.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union's trade chief on Tuesday carried out his threat to impose tariffs on solar panels from China . But in a significant concession to Chinese lobbying and after opposition from some European leaders and industry executives, he significantly watered down the penalties. Karel De Gucht, the bloc's trade commissioner, said the tariffs would initially be.8 percent — about a quarter of the amount he had been threatening to levy .But he said the tariffs would rise to.
3	 PRETTY much forever, one question has hovered over Casey Wasserman: Would he ever be the power hitter that Grandpa Lew was?It didn't matter that Mr. Wasserman was considered a nice guy, something for which his grandfather, the super-scary agent and studio boss Lew Wasserman, was not especially known. When boys grow up in Hollywood as Casey did — rich, surrounded by celebrities, with V.I.P. concert tickets a phone call away — they often emerge as world-class jerks. Casey somehow came out a mensch.Yes, that's nice. But could Mr.
2	 As James Levine prepared to return to the Metropolitan Opera House to conduct his first performance there since he was sidelined by a severe spinal injury two years ago, he invited a reporter to watch how he gets ready for the season. He rehearsed the Met Orchestra for a future Carnegie Hall concert. He held a sitzprobe — an unstaged rehearsal with the cast of Mozart's  Così Fan Tutte  — in a large rehearsal room on C Level, three floors below the Met's vast stage.
2	 At the beginning, there is only the voice of Jeremy Irons. Then, the sound of strings: high, sparkling filaments of sound that dance around the narrator's voice like dust particles catching the light.There is a whispering of wings in the silence of the night.They're coming. With feathers as white as snow and faces as bright as the moonlight: Angel Heart  is a tender and emotionally astute children's story told in words and music. Last month it was released as an audiobook CD; on Monday it will be performed live at Zankel Hall with the actor Chris Noth as narrator.
4	  JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — Looking for the new health insurance marketplace, set to open in this state in two months, is like searching for a unicorn.The marketplace, or exchange, being established by the federal government under President Obama's health care law has no visible presence here, no local office, no official voice in the state and no board of local advisers. It is being run like a covert operation, with no marketing or detailed information about its products or their prices.
1	 WALTHAM, Mass. — Moving its hands as if it were dealing cards and walking with a bit of a swagger, a Pentagon-financed humanoid robot named Atlas made its first public appearance on Thursday.C3PO it's not. But its creators have high hopes for the hydraulically powered machine. The robot — which is equipped with both laser and stereo vision systems, as well as dexterous hands — is seen as a new tool that can come to the aid of humanity in natural and man-made disasters.Atlas is being designed to perform rescue functions in situations where humans cannot survive.
1	 NEW YORK — A cat-and-mouse game played out in a Chinese village some,300 years ago is helping scientists understand how wild felines transformed into the tame pets we know today.In fact, it was the cat's appetite that started it down the path to domestication, scientists believe. The grain stored by ancient farmers was a magnet for rodents. And that drew wild cats into villages to hunt the little critters. Over time, wild cats adapted to village life and became tamer around their human hosts.
0	 If you're a college football coach and you want to vent, there's a short list of places where you can do it safely.Screw it up, Big Ten coaches said Tuesday, it the comments can come back to haunt you.If coaches and players needed any reminder, look no farther than Nebraska . Deadspin.com this week posted a two-year-old recording of Cornhuskers' coach Bo Pelini profanely complaining about fans and news media . Pelini apologized and said he thought his complaints were being made during a private conversation.His colleagues said little, if anything, is private in their world.
3	  Wall Street rose on Wednesday, with energy shares rallying on higher oil prices as the United States and its allies came closer to military action against Syria . Trading volume was thin and came after a drop in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index on Tuesday, to its lowest in two months.On Wednesday, stocks recouped some of the losses as traders bought energy stocks, which rose on a spike in oil prices as markets feared supply interruptions from the Middle East . Energy shares rose .8 percent, by far the biggest gainer among the S.& P. 500 sectors.
1	  LOS ANGELES — NASA's Curiosity rover has uncovered signs of an ancient freshwater lake on Mars, which scientists say could have been a perfect spot for tiny primitive organisms to flourish if they ever existed on the red planet.The watering hole near the Martian equator existed about.5 billion years ago around the time when life evolved on Earth. Scientists say the Martian lake was neither salty nor acidic, and contained life-friendly nutrients. This just looks like a pretty darn ordinary Earth-like lake in terms of its chemistry,  said project scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology .
3	  BRUSSELS — In the diplomatic parlor games popular in Brussels, few issues are generating more gossip or being talked about more animatedly than next year's elections to the European Parliament .They may be 11 months away, but anyone following European affairs closely knows the vote has the potential to shake the ground under the political establishment and bring about a fundamental shift in the balance of power in Europe. Frustration with how leaders have handled the economic crisis over the past three years, coupled with rising populism, has raised expectations that the anti-E.U. vote will surge in the polls .
4	  WASHINGTON — The House Ethics Committee announced Wednesday that it would continue investigations into three lawmakers, including Representative Michele Bachmann, but it stopped short of taking the most aggressive action it could.The committee also extended investigations into Representatives Timothy H. Bishop, Democrat of New York; and Peter Roskam of Illinois, the No. 4 Republican in the House. But the panel unanimously decided to close its inquiry into whether Representative John Tierney, Democrat of Massachusetts, intentionally failed to disclose some of his wife's income on his taxes . The panel deemed that the available evidence was  inconclusive.
3	  United Airlines is testing the latest innovation in airplane design that may prompt passengers to do a double take. Called a split scimitar, it's reminiscent of a medieval sword and is a variation on those doodads, known as winglets, that extend up from the tips of wings. United is trying it out not to win any design awards, but to make the plane slice through the air more efficiently and, ultimately, reduce fuel consumption .
2	 Of all the videos Justin Bieber has been featured in this year, none is likely to leave as deep an impact as the one that surfaced last month of him sleeping comfortably — vulnerably — on a couch in Brazil. That video was filmed by a woman, described in news reports variously as a porn star, a prostitute or a mere party guest, who blows him a kiss at the end of the clip and who went on to tell the press that she and Mr. Bieber had shared a night of sex.
4	 Frustrated by the pace of the investigation into the killing of a Mississippi mayoral candidate — and by the findings in a recently released autopsy report — the family of the candidate, Marco W. McMillian, is demanding that federal authorities step in.Some of the family's frustrations were expressed in a two- page letter sent from Mr. McMillian's mother to the Coahoma County sheriff last week. But they grew significantly when the autopsy report was released to the news media on Friday, said Carter Womack, a family spokesman .
2	 THE singer José James' s cool and confident new album,  No Beginning No End,  to be released by Blue Note next week, sounds like the result of the black-pop continuum, jazz and soul and hip-hop and R&B, slow-cooked for more than 50 years.It descends from a lot of things. First among them are the great neo-soul records of, D'Angelo's  Voodoo  and Erykah Badu's  Mama's Gun.
2	  SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. — The first sign that Caffè Lena is different from other joints where guitars are strummed and coffee is sipped comes before you even enter the place. Next to it, off a picturesque side street here, runs Lena Lane, an alleyway commemorating the club and the woman who ran it and became a local legend.
1	 On this day that fetishizes finitude, that reminds us how rapidly our own earthly time share is shrinking, allow me to offer the modest comfort of infinities.Yes, infinities, plural. The popular notion of infinity may be of a monolithic totality, the ultimate, unbounded big tent that goes on forever and subsumes everything in its path — time, the cosmos, your complete collection of old Playbills. Yet in the ever-evolving view of scientists, philosophers and other scholars, there really is no single, implacable entity called infinity.
4	 A bill that would give the Food and Drug Administration more power to police compounding pharmacies passed its final hurdle in Congress on Monday, in what experts said was an important step to a safer drug supply in the United States .The bill, which cleared the Senate without opposition, stops short of giving the F.D.A. complete authority over pharmacies that tailor-mix drugs for individual patients, a process known as compounding. But the bill still provides significant new safeguards, which have earned it the support of public health advocates around the country.
2	 One afternoon this fall Tyler, the Creator, and his buddies Earl Sweatshirt and Jasper Dolphin, of the rap collective Odd Future, turned up on a street corner in downtown Los Angeles . Their agenda: to shoot a cameo for the music video  Happy,  by Pharrell Williams .No elaborate instructions were involved.  He hit me up and asked if I wanted to be in it, and I'm a big fan, and I said, 'Yeah,'   Tyler recounted of the texted invitation. He happened to be hanging out with Earl and Jasper when the shoot happened, so they went along.
0	 For the third straight game, a 3-0 loss Thursday to the Pittsburgh Penguins at Madison Square Garden, the Rangers were penalized for putting too many men on the ice, and for the third straight game, they gave up a goal on the resulting power play .Once again, Coach John Tortorella did not take responsibility for the bench minor.  Not paying attention,  Tortorella said after the game when asked the reason for the repeated gaffes. It's very easy to know what guy you're going to take coming off the ice,  he said.
3	 PARIS — Shareholders of Alitalia were expected to approve a 500 million euro bailout of the Italian carrier in a vote Monday evening, but it remained unclear how much support the plan might ultimately receive from its largest investor, Air France-KLM .The French-Dutch airline, which owns 25 percent of Alitalia, said Friday that it had consented to an emergency plan hammered out late last week to keep Alitalia flying. But it stopped short of declaring how much of its own cash it was prepared to contribute to an overhaul of the debt-laden Italian carrier, which has been unprofitable for a decade.
0	 The All-Star Game's return to New York on Tuesday will bring with it an array of events and activities across the city over the next five days, giving fans an opportunity to test their arms, see some artifacts and maybe even meet a few players.In, Yankee Stadium was the hub of the All-Star activities . This year much of the attention will be on Citi Field, which will host the Future's Game on Sunday, the Home Run Derby on Monday and the showcase event Tuesday.
1	  Leadership tomorrow depends on how we educate our students today — especially in science, technology, engineering and math,  President Obama has declared. While the words may be new, the sentiment goes back a long way.As Michael Wysession, an earth and planetary scientist at Washington University in St . Louis, wrote this year in the online edition of Scientific American.  Though we live in a thoroughly modern scientific world, our science education structure is now 120 years old.  The debate is nothing new, either; here and elsewhere in this issue are some historic highlights.
3	 Reluctant to say it aloud, Natalie Stack wrote her 12th birthday wish on a restaurant napkin:  To have my disease go away forever. A decade later, her wish is a step closer to being realized.On Tuesday, the Food and Drug Administration approved a new drug developed with early financing from a foundation that Natalie's parents established in response to that plea.
1	 Imagine taking a college exam, and, instead of handing in a blue book and getting a grade from a professor a few weeks later, clicking the  send  button when you are done and receiving a grade back instantly, your essay scored by a software program.And then, instead of being done with that exam, imagine that the system would immediately let you rewrite the test to try to improve your grade.
1	 The seventh graders' homework was harder and more time-consuming at first, and many of the problems seemed stale. They were old, from weeks or months ago — proportions, again? — and solving them interrupted the flow of the students' current work. They were having to remember, and to work on, stuff they'd learned previously — plus the new material,  their teacher, Jen DeMik, said of last semester's assignments.  They had to focus on several things instead of just one.
3	 MUMBAI, INDIA — GlaxoSmithKline has decided to spend about $1 billion to raise its stake in its Indian pharmaceutical unit, betting on rising demand in emerging markets as sales in developed economies slow because of a wave of patent expirations.With the latest deal, GSK is set to spend close to $2 billion in roughly a year to increase its holdings in two listed Indian companies, its biggest incremental investment in any country in that period.
2	 Among iTunes's top classical albums are plenty by Yo-Yo Ma and Glenn Gould. But the list is also filled with budget compilations, like  The 50 Most Essential Pieces of Classical Music   and  Beethoven: 100 Supreme Classical Masterpieces,  that pack in dozens of  1812  Overtures and  Für Elises  for as little as.One label dominates these collections: X5 Music Group, a 10-year-old Swedish company that has built a $14 million business applying the strategies of online marketing to classical music .
1	 The metallic monster had slanted, yellow eyes, skin like a suit of armor, and the halting, unsteady movements of one of Frankenstein's creations. On a bright September day in, a curious crowd of onlookers got their first glimpse of Eric the Robot. The mechanical man rose from his chair, stretched out an arm for silence, and made a speech, of which few people understood more than a few words.
4	 GETTYSBURG, Pa. — Like thousands of other re-enactors, Eric Mueller honors the sacrifices of soldiers in the Civil War by going to great lengths to live as they did — sleeping beneath a canvas sheet suspended on wooden posts, eating hardtack and salt pork, carrying 60 rounds of ammunition in a cartridge box and a backpack, and marching long distances in heavy woolen tunics.But in the interests of safety and perhaps a little comfort, Mr. Mueller, 40, allows modest divergences from the 19th-century soldier's life.Last week, for example, Mr.
3	 FRANKFURT — Answering critics who said they were running out of ways to promote growth and lending, the European Central Bank and the Bank of England on Thursday did something neither had done before, committing themselves to keeping interest rates low indefinitely.The bid to reassure investors brought the two central banks into closer alignment with the Federal Reserve, which, under Chairman Ben S. Bernanke, has become more open about its intentions.At the same time, they appeared eager to signal that they would not follow the Fed in preparing for a gradual withdrawal of economic stimulus .
4	 The aides concluded that despite Mrs. Clinton's popularity, the move would not offer a significant enough political boost to Mr. Obama to justify such a radical move, according to a newly published account of the 2012 race.The idea of replacing Mr. Biden with Mrs. Clinton had long been rumored, but the journalists Mark Halperin and John Heilemann, in their new book,  Double Down,  provide a detailed description of the effort inside the senior circle of Obama advisers. It was pushed by the chief of staff at the time, William M. Daley, despite the close personal rapport Mr.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A commercial craft carrying a ton of supplies for the International Space Station ran into thruster trouble shortly after liftoff Friday. Flight controllers managed to gain control, but were forced to delay its arrival at the orbiting lab.The earliest the Dragon capsule could show up is Sunday, a full day late, said top officials for NASA and the private company SpaceX. We're definitely not going to rush it,  said SpaceX's billionaire founder Elon Musk .  We want to make sure first and foremost that things are safe before proceeding.
1	 HELENA, Mont. — On a warm morning not long ago on the shore of a small prairie lake outside this state capital, Bob Martinka trained his spotting scope on a towering cottonwood tree heavy with blue heron nests. He counted a dozen of the tall, graceful birds and got out his smartphone, not to make a call but to type the number of birds and the species into an app that sent the information to researchers in New York.Mr. Martinka, a retired state wildlife biologist and an avid bird-watcher, is part of the global ornithological network eBird.
2	 The Metropolitan Opera's  Ring  machine — the huge, glitch-prone contraption that served as a single set for all four operas in the Wagnerian cycle — rumbled upstage this week for a less-than-grand season finale . No Valkyries or Rhinemaidens or gods were around, just stagehands assigned to take it apart and send it off to storage.For how long, no one really knows.
0	  Clint Dempsey has heeded the call of Jurgen Klinsmann, coach of the United States national team, to get some playing time in Europe during Major League Soccer's off-season and has heeded the desperate call of Fulham, one of his former teams, to help rescue the London club from relegation .After his midseason transfer to Seattle of M.L.S. from Tottenham of England's Premier League, Dempsey was hampered by injuries and never got on track.
2	 When Kevin Whately shot his first appearance as Detective Sergeant Robbie Lewis of Oxford, England, neither he nor anyone else knew that one of television's most enduring characters was being born.That was more than a quarter-century ago, in the first episode of the much-loved British series  Inspector Morse, in which Mr. Whately played the working-class foil to the hero, the cultured and egotistical detective inspector played by John Thaw. After 33 feature-length episodes of  Morse,  followed by a five-year break, Mr.
2	 A foundation dedicated to Sergei Prokofiev will give a priceless trove of musical manuscripts, letters and other items belonging to the composer — including a suitcase — to the Rare Book & Manuscript Library at Columbia in an effort to make them more accessible to scholars. Most of the materials represent Prokofiev's work from 1918 to, the years he visited or lived in the West .
0	 (Reuters) - Gibraltar, UEFA's newest member, will get one place in each of the Champions League and Europa League qualifying competitions next season, the European governing football body said on Friday.The British overseas territory was finally accepted as a UEFA member in May after a 14-year battle during which they faced fierce opposition from Spain.The Gibraltar Premier League has eight teams, including one called Manchester United, and has been won by Lincoln FC for the past six seasons.UEFA also said that domestic Cup runners-up would no longer get a place in the Europa League .
3	 A proposed measure to restrict the use of pesticides that have been implicated in bee die-offs around the world was left in limbo on Friday, after representatives from Britain and Germany, two of the largest members of the European Union, abstained from the voting in Brussels . The move left the committee without the needed qualified majority, which gives larger countries greater weight than smaller ones.
1	 Scientists may be adding a new element to the periodic table, but don't expect to see it anytime soon: created in a laboratory, it exists for less than a second.The new superheavy chemical element has 115 protons and would fill a gap in the periodic table, taking its place between the two elements, 114 and, which were added just last year.
4	 A proposed shift by the Boy Scouts of America away from its national policy banning gays, leaving the decision to local councils, has divided scouts, families and troop leaders, with thousands taking to the organization's Facebook page and other online forums to express their views in passionate tones of anguish, opprobrium or approval.For Margaret Kreider, the mother of an Eagle Scout in Broussard, La., the cacophony promises only the beginning of a long argument.
2	 This summer, a number of New York Times critics are writing about their cultural first crushes — the moments or works that prompted them to write about the arts. A new essay will arrive each week, paired with stories from readers who work within the given discipline about their own cultural epiphanies.This week, stories from six readers who work in pop music . Previously we heard from readers who work in television, classical music and dance ; in the coming weeks, we will explore the worlds of video games, visual art and more.
0	 It is not a prerequisite for becoming coach of the United States Olympic men's hockey team, but Dan Bylsma has watched  Miracle,  the movie about the 1980 squad coached by Herb Brooks that won the gold medal . A few days ago I was back in Michigan, and my son and his cousin were watching 'Miracle,'   Bylsma said Saturday, after USA Hockey's official announcement that he would lead the Americans at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi, Russia.  And they did not know I was going to be named the head coach of the team.
0	 The original pool of hopefuls had 207 teams, a diverse group of soccer nations ranging from minnows to monoliths that nonetheless had a common destination in mind. Now, more than 800 qualifying matches later, the field of 32 teams that will take part in the World Cup next year in Brazil is all but complete. Cristiano Ronaldo provided a fitting conclusion to the final significant day of qualifying, delivering a sublime performance in Solna, Sweden, in which he scored three goals in Tuesday's second leg and all four of Portugal's goals over all in its two-game aggregate series victory over Sweden.
3	 SOMETIMES I can be on the road for two or more weeks, traveling to several countries, and it can get very tiring, but traveling is a huge part of my job as president and founder of Iredale Mineral Cosmetics.Since I'm not a great flier, I have some rules. I drink plenty of water and always wear comfortable clothing. When we go through turbulence, I play bridge on my iPad, which helps take my mind off the bumps. I used to love to chat with people on planes, but now I use it as my time to catch up on e-mails.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Jason Day has been torn between golfing joy and personal grief over the past two months but he believes the experience has strengthened his resolve and character as he aims to build on a  good year  in.Aged just, the Australian has established himself as one of the game's most exciting players and, with a rare ability to perform at his best when the pressure is at its most intense, has set his sights on landing a maiden major title .
1	 Though many think the Moon does not have an atmosphere, that is not quite true. There is an atmosphere, but it is extremely thin — and NASA is spending more than a quarter of a billion dollars to study it with a spacecraft launched on Friday. Back on Earth, scientists reported that global warming was changing not just the climate but the weather, intensifying at least some of last year's extreme weather events.
0	 AMES, Iowa — Dustin Hogue set career highs with 22 points and 16 rebounds, and 17th-ranked Iowa State pounded Auburn 99-70 on Monday night for its sixth straight win.Melvin Ejim added 14 points and 10 rebounds for the Cyclones, who are the Big 12's last unbeaten team. Iowa State used a 27-5 run midway through the first half to build a 15-point lead. It jumped ahead by as much as 60-33 early in the second half in cruising to its fourth win by at least 29 points.Chris Denson had 27 points for Auburn, which shot.
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Defense lawyers for James E. Holmes, who is charged with killing 12 people and wounding dozens more at an Aurora, Colo., movie theater last summer, signaled in court filings on Wednesday that they were willing to have Mr. Holmes plead guilty if he was spared the death penalty .Mr. Holmes, who faces 166 counts of murder, attempted murder and other charges, would accept a sentence of life in prison without parole if prosecutors consented to the deal, his lawyers stated in the documents that were filed in Arapahoe County District Court . Mr.
4	  DETROIT — Mayor Dave Bing made new budget recommendations to the City Council on Friday, a gloomy ritual that laid out another austere spending plan for this financially distraught city.As usual, the $1 billion budget will go through a review process by council members in the coming weeks . There will be debate, changes and a final vote by the nine-member body on whether to approve Mr. Bing's blueprint to trim $36 million from city expenditures.But this budget process is far from ordinary.
4	  WASHINGTON — The instructions that Internal Revenue Service officials used to look for applicants seeking tax-exempt status with   Tea Party   and   Patriots   in their titles also included groups whose names included the words  Progressive  and  Occupy,  according to I.R.S. documents released Monday .The documents appeared to back up contentions by I.R.S. officials and some Democrats that the agency did not intend to single out conservative groups for special scrutiny.
1	  LOS ANGELES — New research pinpoints the current location of NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft: It's still in our solar system.Since last summer, the long-running spacecraft has been exploring uncharted territory where the effects of interstellar space, or the space between stars, can be felt. Scientists don't know how thick this newfound region in the solar system is or how much farther Voyager 1 has to travel to break to the other side. It could actually be anytime or it could be several more years,  said chief scientist Ed Stone of the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which manages the mission.
2	 One of the more notable things about the season finale of  Girls  on Sunday is that Hannah, the heroine played by Lena Dunham, kept her clothes on.She didn't play Ping-Pong in the nude, or go dancing in a mesh T-shirt with no bra underneath. For once Lena Dunham's unflinching, even defiant flaunting of physical imperfection was not on full display.This HBO series, created by Ms. Dunham, became a sensation almost overnight, mostly because it was such a refreshing breath of realism.
4	 SPRING, Tex. — A fight, possibly gang related, broke out at a suburban Houston high school early Wednesday, leaving one student dead of stab wounds and three other students injured, the authorities said.The confrontation unfolded shortly after 7 a.m., a few minutes before classes began at Spring High School, one of the largest high schools in Harris County . The,500-student campus, next to Interstate 45 about 20 miles north of downtown Houston, was locked down throughout the morning.
1	 Florida's endangered manatees, already reeling from an unexplained string of deaths in the state's east coast rivers, have died in record numbers from a toxic red algae bloom that appears each year off the state's west coast, state officials and wildlife experts say.The tide has killed 241 of Florida's roughly,000 manatees, according to the state Fish and Wildlife Research Institute, and the toll appears certain to rise.The number of deaths from the tide far exceeds the previous annual record of.
3	 LONDON — Three of the biggest British department store chains were accused Friday of colluding on prices with a maker of sports bras.The Office of Fair Trading, a British competition regulator, alleged that the chains — John Lewis, Debenhams and House of Fraser — were involved in price-fixing with a bra manufacturer, DB Apparel, in violation of competition law.DB Apparel, a private company based in France, entered into several agreements with the stores to set a minimum resale price for its Shock Absorber brand of sports bras between 2008 and, the O.F.T. alleged. The O.F.T.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — The screams are clearly coming from a distraught male, whose repeated cries for help end abruptly with a gunshot. What is not clear from a recording of a 911 call, however, is the identity of the screamer: George Zimmerman, the volunteer community watchman, or Trayvon Martin, the unarmed 17-year-old he killed that night.While jurors in Mr. Zimmerman's second-degree-murder trial, in which opening statements are scheduled for Monday, may get to hear the recording in court, they will not hear the opinions of two audio experts for the prosecution about who the screamer is, or is not.
3	 WUHAN, China — Chinese automakers are starting to ask some of the largest Western auto parts companies to supply parts that meet American and European regulatory standards, according to senior executives at the parts companies .The requests are the clearest sign yet that after more than a decade of preparation, Chinese manufacturers are starting to feel the confidence to begin high-volume auto exports to the West .In another sign of shifting policy, a senior Chinese Commerce Ministry official said at an auto industry conference here on Thursday that Chinese automakers should prepare for the lowering of steep tariffs on imported cars.
3	  WASHINGTON may have been paralyzed by partisanship, and European economies hampered by the hangover from a nasty recession . But the developed world's stock markets hummed along in the third quarter, allowing the managers of three of the top-performing mutual funds to find winning investments in enterprises as varied as forklift makers and food retailers .These managers call themselves generalists, saying they will invest in just about any industry where they can find well-run companies . Stephen Peak, manager of the Henderson European Focus fund, typifies the approach.
3	  BRUSSELS — Europe's top antitrust enforcer continued a crackdown on drug company efforts to keep low-cost generic versions of their medicines off the market, a campaign that is taking place on both sides of the Atlantic.On Wednesday, the European Commission fined a Danish pharmaceutical company and a number of generic producers a total of 146 million euros, or $195 million .The commission said that Lundbeck of Denmark colluded with companies like Ranbaxy of India and Merck of Germany in 2002 and 2003 to delay market entry of a less expensive generic version of a blockbuster antidepressant called citalopram.
0	 For more than a half-century, Bill Mazeroski kept the Pittsburgh Pirates uniform he wore when he hit the home run to win the 1960 World Series in a cedar chest in his Pennsylvania home. He opened it once to make sure moths had not eaten through it. This year, Mazeroski decided to sell it and other memorabilia.On Saturday, the uniform sold for,500 through Hunt Auctions at the Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory in Kentucky .
4	  JOINT BASE LEWIS-McCHORD, Wash. — To his Afghan victims, Staff Sgt . Robert Bales was death incarnate — an American who entered their homes in the dead of night, kicked and beat children, then set his rifle on  burst  and mowed down a room of women and children .But on Wednesday, as defense lawyers began to make their case that Sergeant Bales should not spend the rest of his life in prison, another kind of man emerged in fond recollections from another time and place: Bobby Bales, the baby of his family in Norwood, Ohio .
0	 The governing body for international soccer sought to end a Canadian stalemate Friday, releasing a statement that said the Quebec Soccer Federation's ban on players wearing turbans was inappropriate and that such headwear is acceptable.FIFA, which oversees all aspects of the game globally, got involved in the issue four days after the Canadian Soccer Association suspended the Quebec Soccer Federation, known as the F.S.Q., for enacting the ban on turbans despite the Canadian association's recent memo that turbans and similar religious headwear should be allowed.The F.S.Q.
1	 The known odds of something — or someone — living far, far away from Earth improved beyond astronomers' boldest dreams on Monday.Astronomers reported that there could be as many as 40 billion habitable Earth-size planets in the galaxy, based on a new analysis of data from NASA's Kepler spacecraft.
2	 After years of complaint and self-criticism about the shortage of prominent movies by and about black Americans, film companies are poised to release an extraordinary cluster of them across an array of genres in the last five months of.At least 10 new films will be released, including several awards contenders, from both independent and major distributors, like the Weinstein Company, Fox Searchlight and Universal Pictures .Even some of those who made this year's movies have been caught by surprise. You tell me!  said the director and screenwriter Lee Daniels, when asked how so many black-driven films had materialized at once.
0	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — From the suspension of J. R. Smith, to the loss of Tyson Chandler with a broken right leg, to a disappointing 1-3 start, the Knicks ' dramas have started early this season. So it was fitting that an otherwise nondescript November game would offer yet another odd twist to the year.On Friday, Patrick Ewing's debut as a head coach came against none other than the Knicks . Ewing, the associate head coach of the Bobcats, was forced to replace Steve Clifford, who was hospitalized Thursday with chest pains and had two stents inserted into his arteries.
2	 CHANCE OF RAIN Few electronic musicians are pivoting as hard or as frequently as Laurel Halo. In early shows, this classically trained musician was almost a shadow, her music and her presence fully obscure. But while there are vestiges of that self on her often spectacular new album,  Chance of Rain   (Hyperdub, especially on the brief piano pieces that serve as bookends, it is otherwise a huge leap away from her hermetic and distant early EPs and also from her 2012 debut album,  Quarantine,  which showcased her woozy, odd-angled singing.
2	 THE CHOREOGRAPHER TRISHA BROWN has made dances worth arguing about for more than 50 years, and for at least 30 years her dances have been loved across the world. Many of today's best-known choreographers — including David Gordon, Mark Morris and Stephen Petronio — have cited her influence, whether for the poetic fluidity of her movement or for the steely, analytical methods of her choreographic structures. A pioneer of the pure-dance experimentalists of the 1960s and '70s, she challenged and changed the way we define dance performance.
4	  WASHINGTON — The struggle for African-Americans' rights, symbolized by the bloody 1965 Selma march, is as old as the nation. The effort for American women's rights began at Seneca Falls, N.Y., more than 150 years ago .The modern fight for gay rights is, by contrast, less than a half-century old, dating from the 1969 Stonewall uprising in New York. But this week, as the Supreme Court hears two landmark cases on same-sex marriage, the speed and scope of the movement are astonishing supporters .
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate leaders reached an agreement on Tuesday to preserve the filibuster in exchange for confirmation votes on President Obama's stalled nominees, ending, at least for now, months of partisan warfare that threatened the stability of several federal agencies and a generation of procedural traditions.The deal, which paved the way for votes on seven nominees, was a classic Senate outcome: an inconclusive result that left both sides claiming some vindication. It was sealed with congratulations and awkward hugs among members who praised a private meeting Monday night attended by 98 senators for averting a parliamentary crisis .
2	 It took a powerful, disturbing dream from which she awoke sobbing to convince Robin Charboneau, an Oglala Sioux and member of North Dakota's Spirit Lake tribe, that  I needed to open my mouth, and I needed to speak.  So she let the documentary filmmaker David Sutherland follow her for more than three years as she struggled to raise her family as a single mother while confronting her alcoholism and the scars of being sexually abused as a child.
4	  TENNESSEE COLONY, Tex. — In, Ben Spencer's family bought him clothes in preparation for a day they had prayed for since. A Dallas County judge had declared Mr. Spencer innocent of the robbery and killing that sent him to prison for life. I really thought once he made his ruling, I was finally going to get out and be free,  Mr. Spencer, 48, said in an interview nearly five years later from the Coffield Prison here. This month marks 26 years behind bars.Mr.
1	 MOSCOW (AP) — Bad weather is delaying the return of three astronauts from the International Space Station .The astronauts were scheduled to land in a Soyuz capsule in central Kazakhstan early Friday morning . But fog and freezing rain prevented Russian rescue helicopters from flying to the touchdown site.NASA's Kevin Ford and Russians Oleg Novitsky and Yevgeny Tarelkin will stay at the space station for at least another day. They've been in space for nearly five months.
2	 The word  zombie  is thrown around a lot in reference to  The Returned,  the spooky French series whose first season has hit the halfway point on Sundance Channel . It's even been called the French  Walking Dead.  But it's not really a zombie show. Only one character eats flesh, and he started doing it while he was still alive. When an undead girl says,  Zombies have to stick together,  her smile tells you that she considers herself anything but.
4	 A judge in Oklahoma on Monday blocked an attempt by the state's Legislature to restrict access to morning-after birth control pills. The federal government removed restrictions on the purchase of emergency contraceptives in June. The Oklahoma Legislature subsequently passed a law that required purchasers to show identification and, if age 17 or under, to have a prescription.
0	 NORTON, Mass. — Gone are the shouts of   Fried chicken !  that pierced the quiet during Sergio García 's swing at the United States Open, in response to García's unfunny joke that he would have his adversary, Tiger Woods, over to dinner and serve him, of all dishes, that one.
3	 LONDON — Argentina and Repsol, the Spanish energy company, appear to be nearing a deal on compensation for the government's seizure of Repsol's stake in an Argentine oil producer in. Representatives from the Spanish and Argentine governments and company executives said they had reached an agreement in principle on Monday in Buenos Aires on indemnifying Repsol for the 51 percent of the energy company YPF that Argentina expropriated without payment. The government of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner had justified the action by saying that Repsol was not investing enough in Argentina.
1	 Linguist Finds a Language in Its Infancy: Warlpiri rampaku, or Light Warlpiri, is a new language spoken only by people under 35 in Lajamanu, an isolated village of about 700 people in Australia's Northern Territory .There are many dying languages in the world. But at least one has recently been born, created by children living in a remote village in northern Australia.
0	  ATLANTA — Colin Kaepernick toppled the Atlanta Falcons and wowed a national television audience and boosted the San Francisco 49ers back into the Super Bowl as a quarterback . Not as a mobile quarterback, a running quarterback, an athletic quarterback, or a Pistol offense quarterback .Kaepernick again shredded those misperceptions at the Georgia Dome on Sunday, again proved more than a runner who happens to throw the football on occasion. When he ran, it was onto the field, or back toward the sideline, or away from defenders.One week after he set an N.F.L.
0	  SAN ANTONIO — The injured point guard and his coach spoke 10 minutes apart on Wednesday, but they still managed to issue the same vague answers about the most scrutinized hamstring in South Texas .No, Tony Parker said, he does not know whether he will play in Game. And no, Gregg Popovich said, he will not know until Thursday.Their uncertainty ensured another restless night here, with any delight derived from the San Antonio Spurs' 36-point drubbing of Miami tempered by the possibility that Parker, their facilitator and scorer par excellence, would spend Thursday night watching Game 4 from the bench.
0	  TORONTO — Derek Jeter was back on the field playing alongside Alex Rodriguez in a game for the first time all season Monday, facing a Toronto Blue Jays team the Yankees had thrashed and battered in almost every previous encounter in. Jeter managed to remain healthy and Rodriguez even homered in the game.
1	 But more than,200 years after his death, his inventions are still driving technological innovations — so much so that experts from around the world gathered recently for a conference at New York University on his continuing influence.The death ray legend has Archimedes using mirrors to concentrate sunlight to incinerate Roman ships attacking his home of Syracuse, the ancient city- state in the southeast Sicily. It has been debunked no fewer than three times on the television show  Mythbusters  (the third time at the behest of President Obama .
1	 A plant -hopping insect has joints that work like interlocking gears, a new study reports, the first known instance of coglike wheels in nature. We always think of gears in our cars or bikes,  said an author of the study, Malcolm Burrows, a zoologist at the University of Cambridge.  We don't see them to be present in animals. Dr. Burrows and his colleague Gregory Sutton, a researcher the University of Bristol, report their findings in the current issue of the journal Science.
2	 In search of some live Brazilian music a few months ago, I found my way to Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola, in the Time Warner Center, where the Brazilian percussionist Duduka Da Fonseca was leading a quintet. I can't say I knew much about Mr. Da Fonseca before I heard his band that night, and among the things I didn't know was that his quintet's regular reed player was a 38-year-old Israeli woman named Anat Cohen, who has lived in New York since.On the first few tunes of the set — mostly the kind of fast-paced, Brazilian-tinged jazz I've always loved — Ms.
4	  DALLAS — One day last May, Ladar Levison returned home to find an F.B.I. agent's business card on his Dallas doorstep. So began a four-month tangle with law enforcement officials that would end with Mr. Levison's shutting the business he had spent a decade building and becoming an unlikely hero of privacy advocates in their escalating battle with the government over Internet security . Prosecutors, it turned out, were pursuing a notable user of Lavabit, Mr. Levison's secure e- mail service : Edward J.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The dance plays out daily in MacArthur Park, Boyle Heights, South Los Angeles and elsewhere across this sprawling metropolis: A lone police car rolls slowly past a popular corner, sending dozens of street vendors scrambling for cover, pushing tamale carts around corners and into the doorways of nearby shops .But decades of police crackdowns have failed to curb this enormous illegal market . When the police vanish, the vendors move back into place, hawking sliced mangoes, DVDs, flowers, bicycles and more.So now, Los Angeles officials are preparing to embark on a very different strategy: embracing street vending.
2	 Amy Seimetz has this recurring nightmare. She's had it since she was a child. It's a dream about guilt — maybe even about death. On a recent Sunday, on Skype, Ms. Seimetz described the dream. She was in Vancouver, British Columbia, where she's been shooting new episodes of  The Killing,  and this was her first day off in a while. She ran her hands through her thick blond hair and began to explain.
2	  New York City Opera, which was founded 70 years ago to help bring opera to the masses, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Thursday after an urgent $7 million fund-raising appeal fell short last month.The dying opera company said in court papers filed in United States Bankruptcy Court in the Southern District of New York that its assets were worth.7 million — which includes the remainder of its endowment and some pledges that have not been received — and that it had liabilities of.6 million, including pension obligations .
3	  WASHINGTON — Stanley Fischer, the former governor of the Bank of Israel and a mentor to the Federal Reserve's chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, is the leading candidate to become vice chairman of the Fed, according to former and current administration officials .If nominated, and then confirmed by the Senate, Mr. Fischer, 70, would succeed Janet L. Yellen, whom President Obama nominated to succeed Mr. Bernanke as the Fed's leader when his term ends in January.Mr. Fischer is at once a surprising choice and a popular pick among economists and investors .
3	  BRUSSELS — Importers of inexpensive solar panels from China said on Tuesday that imposing tariffs would lead to hundreds of thousands of job losses in the European Union, the biggest export market for the Chinese equipment.The claims by the Alliance for Affordable Solar Energy, a coalition of companies that install and service panels, were aimed at stopping the European Commission from imposing penalties in the biggest trade case of its kind in terms of value.
4	  WASHINGTON — As tensions mount and expectations slip lower for any bipartisan consensus on a long-term deficit-reduction plan, a group of Republican senators will resume talks on Thursday with senior presidential advisers at the White House after a lapse that has lasted weeks.The two sides had said they would meet during the August recess, but the gathering will be the first in that time and is intended to take stock before Congress reconvenes in September.
0	 (Reuters) - Libya have reached agreement with Javier Clemente to take over as national team coach, the Spaniard having arrived in Tripoli for talks with the Libyan Football Federation (LFF. We have reached an agreement in principle for Clemente to begin work at the head of our national team starting in October,  LFF president Anwar Altashani was quoted as saying by the website of Spanish sports daily AS (www.as.com.The federation released a picture on Monday of Clemente arriving at Tripoli airport but made no statement.
3	  Lockheed Martin said on Thursday that it would cut,000 jobs and close several plants in response to reductions in government spending .The company, the nation's largest military contractor, said that by mid-2015 it would close plants and offices in Akron, Ohio ; Goodyear, Ariz.; Horizon City, Tex.; and Newtown, Pa., as well as four buildings on its campus in Sunnyvale, Calif. It said the closings would eliminate,000 jobs .Lockheed said other efficiency initiatives would result in the loss of,000 jobs in its information systems, mission systems and training, and space businesses by the end of.
2	 It's the rare director who can transform the familiar into something that feels as if it were being seen for the first time. The director Nicolas Roeg succeeded handsomely with  The Man Who Fell to Earth, part of the retrospective  Watch That Man: David Bowie, Movie Star   at the Walter Reade Theater. In adapting Walter Tevis's 1963 novel about an extraterrestrial on a secret mission who uses alien technology to become a tycoon on Earth, Mr.
2	 At one point in the action thriller   White House Down,  which opens June, the president of the United States, played by Jamie Foxx, is trying to thwart a paramilitary group that has overtaken the White House . After swapping his more presidential footwear for basketball shoes, he kicks a bad guy in the face and yells,  Get your hands off my Jordans! It's not a line many Hollywood versions of the leader of the free world would utter: he (it's usually a he) is often stuffier, a little bland maybe, and most often white.
3	 A new congressional report criticizes the federal government for awarding tens of billions of dollars in contracts to companies even though they were found to have violated safety and wage laws and paid millions in penalties. Issued on behalf of the Democratic senators on the Health, Education, Labor and Pension Committee, the report cited examples over the past six years.For instance, Imperial Sugar had.8 million in federal contracts last year, even though it paid $6 million in safety penalties over a 2008 factory explosion in Georgia that killed 14 workers. The report also noted that the federal government had awarded.
4	 PUEBLO, Colo. — At first, Angela Giron was surprised to find herself in the cross hairs of a campaign to recall Colorado lawmakers who had supported a slate of new gun-control laws . She had won her State Senate seat by a 10-point margin. Her Southern Colorado district is heavily Hispanic and reliably Democratic, hardly ideal terrain to oust a lawmaker with Mexican roots whose mother once worked picking beans. I thought, what the heck?  Ms. Giron said.  Why would they do that? But over the summer, Ms.
2	 It's a long way from Timbuktu to Lincoln Center, and not just geographically. For the musicians performing on Wednesday in the Festival au Désert as part of the Lincoln Center Out of Doors series at the Damrosch Park Bandshell, the path from there to here has included an Islamist takeover of their Saharan homeland, followed by a religious war on music and then a French-led military intervention.
4	  WASHINGTON — Three years after President Obama laid out an ambitious plan to double the country's supply of airwaves for use in high-speed wireless Internet service, the White House on Friday announced efforts intended in part to spur participation by government agencies that have been slow to join the cause.Without additional airwaves for consumer and business use, administration officials say, the  skyrocketing demand of consumer and broadband business users   for wireless service for smartphones, tablets and other devices will soon outgrow the supply .
4	 MOORESVILLE, N.C. — President Obama visited an innovative middle school in central North Carolina on Thursday to demonstrate the Internet -based education programs that he is proposing to make available nationwide.Speaking to an audience of excited teenagers in a steamy gymnasium, Mr. Obama called on the Federal Communications Commission to expand an existing program to provide discounted high-speed Internet service to schools and libraries, even if it meant increasing the fees that for years had been added to consumers' phone bills. He said the initiative could lead to better technology at 99 percent of schools in five years.
2	 It's that end of the process that concerns  Gem Hunt,  which begins on Tuesday night on the Travel Channel . The series follows three experts as they roam the world looking for precious stones, with the first stop being the trading markets and mines of Vietnam .Ron LeBlanc, a Canadian gem dealer, is the most colorful member of the team, foulmouthed and not at all bashful about expressing his skepticism over what locals are trying to tell him and sell him. Diane Robinson has an M.B.A.
4	 TYSONS CORNER, Va. — Terry McAuliffe, a longtime Democratic fund-raiser and ally of Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton, was elected governor of Virginia on Tuesday, narrowly defeating the state's conservative attorney general, Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, and confirming Virginia's evolution as a state increasingly dominated politically by the Democratic-leaning Washington suburbs.Mr. McAuliffe, 56, ran as a social liberal and an economic moderate focused on job creation . Mr.
1	  WASHINGTON — Comet ISON, once optimistically called the comet of the century, is dead, the victim of a way-too-close brush with the sun. It was barely a year old.The comet, which excited astronomers and the media as it zipped within,000 miles of the sun on Thanksgiving Day, was pronounced dead at a scientific conference Tuesday. Astronomers who had followed the ice ball mourned the loss of the sky show that once promised to light up during December.
0	 ROCHESTER, New York — Staring into the eyes of a second consecutive missed cut at a major, defending champion Rory McIlroy mounted a late charge on Friday that ensured he will see weekend action at the PGA Championship . McIlroy, desperate to regain his form after a nightmarish seven months, finished strongly with four birdies over his final seven holes to move comfortably above the projected cutline. It makes me feel good because maybe in the middle of the season or a couple of months ago I wouldn't have been standing up here.
2	 I was doing stand-up and being offered a lot of bad TV shows because Hollywood wasn't interested in me as a comedian. At all. I auditioned a couple of times by circumstance. Al Franken saw me in San Francisco, and I wasn't picked. A couple years before that, there was a gang audition at the Comedy Store . I went on at midnight, and I followed Sam Kinison. There's Sam Kinison, the room levitated.  And now,  from a mike offstage,  Dana Garney.  I played to dead silence. The next time it came around was in '.
4	 Rockne Warren Newell lived alone in the Pocono Mountains of eastern Pennsylvania in utter poverty . His house was on the verge of collapse. His bathroom was a bucket.But he was intent on keeping his home, even as officials in Ross Township threatened to evict him over the dilapidated property about 100 miles west of Manhattan, which lacked a proper sewage system and was built without the necessary permits. With his only apparent income a $600 monthly Social Security disability check, he argued that he could not afford the court costs to fight the township nor the required improvements and permits.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Police Department will reopen its investigation into the 2007 episode that led to the firing of Christopher J. Dorner, the former police officer who is wanted in three killings, department officials said Saturday night .Mr. Dorner pledged revenge against Los Angeles police officers in a manifesto he posted online, in which he also claimed that racism in the department had led to his dismissal. He is wanted in connection with the killing of a former police captain's daughter and her fiancé last Sunday and the shooting death of a Riverside, Calif.
4	  WASHINGTON — Wendy Davis, the Texas state senator who captured the national spotlight with an 11-hour filibuster against restricting abortion rights, turned up in Washington on Monday with the news that she was considering a run for governor . I can say with absolute certainty that I will run for one of two offices: either my State Senate seat or the governor,  Ms. Davis said after a luncheon and speech at the National Press Club.It was Ms.
3	 IT seems that I've been flying forever. Most of my business trips are to establish new relationships for Elevation Burger and to make sure the franchises we have are going well.We have restaurants in the Middle East, and when I travel there it can get crazy. I'll try to hit as many countries as I can in about nine days. I used to love flying. I never thought twice about it.I guess I still love it, more or less, but with a young family, all the travel I do represents time that I can't spend with my wife and two children.
4	  WASHINGTON — A federal judge in Manhattan refused on Wednesday to require the Justice Department to disclose a memorandum providing the legal justification for the targeted killing of a United States citizen, Anwar al-Awlaki, who died in a drone strike in Yemen in.The ruling, by Judge Colleen McMahon, was marked by skepticism about the antiterrorist program that targeted him, and frustration with her own role in keeping the legal rationale for it secret.
1	 Thanks to the federal government shutdown, the big science news last week was a sudden halt to all manner of research projects. Scientists across the country found themselves locked out of their labs as any work deemed nonessential — a designation that could seem arbitrary at times — was stopped.  Academic medicine is no day at the beach,  said Ellen Beckjord, an assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute, to The Huffington Post .  It doesn't help matters when the rug gets torn out from under you like this. At M.I.T.
2	 This fall, two French choreographers of note continue to push the boundaries of contemporary dance . In   Disabled Theater,  Jérôme Bel collaborates with Theater Hora, a Zurich company — many in the group have Down syndrome — to explore the concept of normality. It's a risky, haunting work. For Mr. Bel, who has created acclaimed theatrical portraits of dancers like Véronique Doisneau and Cédric Andrieux,  Disabled Theater  extends on his study of people and their bodies.
1	 Our health depends on vitamins, and to understand that dependency, it helps to understand the history of vitamins. As I wrote in an article in Science Times this week, our ancestors have probably needed vitamins for billions of years. By studying how we and other species make vitamins, scientists hope to find new ways to keep us healthy — perhaps even by using vitamins as a weapon against our enemies.There are two ways of getting those vitamins: making them or eating them. Our microbial ancestors probably made many of their vitamins, but later much of that ability was lost.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — The first round of jury selection resumed Tuesday morning in the second day of the murder trial of George Zimmerman, with lawyers trying to discern prospective jurors' exposure to the sensationalized case and any leanings they may harbor.The first prospective juror questioned on Tuesday – and the fifth person so far – conceded that he was fearful of backlash should his identity be made public.  I would be afraid that if I anger strangers that someone would retaliate,  he said.
0	  ST . PAUL, Minn. — Cam Atkinson and Ryan Johansen each had a goal and an assist, and a Columbus Blue Jackets split squad beat the Minnesota Wild 3-1 in a preseason game Tuesday night .Mark Letestu also scored for the Blue Jackets, who got 20 saves from Jeremy Smith.Nino Niederreiter scored for Minnesota, which played its preseason opener .Johansen gave Columbus a 1-0 lead with:51 left in the first period, scoring on a rebound after Michael Chaput was stopped on a breakaway out of the penalty box .
4	 BEDFORD, Pa. — Art Halvorson makes for an unlikely Republican primary challenger to a six-term incumbent like Representative Bill Shuster. He is a newcomer to this quiet corner of south-central Pennsylvania who retired here after a long Coast Guard career.But in the throw-out-the-bums anger percolating in the election cycle now underway, Mr. Halvorson, 58, believes he might have a shot to displace a name that has occupied this House seat since Mr. Shuster's father won it in.
0	  MINNEAPOLIS — The Twins have rediscovered the grit they generally lacked while losing a combined 195 games in 2011 and.Scott Diamond pitched six shutout innings and Josh Willingham hit one of Minnesota's four home runs as the Twins beat the Seattle Mariners 10-0 Sunday, their seventh victory in nine games since dropping 10 straight in mid-May. In the last of those losses, the Twins were one-hit by Anibal Sanchez in a 6-0 loss at Detroit .
3	  Investigators have not found enough evidence in the charred remains of two Boeing 787 batteries to determine why they overheated, and they are expanding their examination of other electrical components, regulators in Washington and Tokyo said on Friday.Adding to concerns about the batteries, industry officials said that United Airlines had replaced three batteries on the six 787s it received from September through December because they were wearing out sooner than expected .
1	  LOS ANGELES — NASA is preparing to launch its latest sun-monitoring satellite on a mission to improve space weather prediction .The Iris satellite will observe a little-studied region of the sun that emits ultraviolet light. Scientists hope examining the sun's lower atmosphere would help them learn more about how this region drives solar wind and powers the corona, the sun's outer atmosphere seen during eclipses.Iris carries a UV telescope that can take high-resolution images every few seconds. It's scheduled to be launched on June 26 from the Vandenberg Air Force Base on California's central coast.
4	 Women in Senate Urge Compromise: As talks to reopen the federal government continue, three Republican senators have emerged as the leading voices for compromise and are illuminating the growing power of women in the Senate . WASHINGTON — As the government shutdown dragged on, Senator Susan Collins of Maine was spending another weekend on Capitol Hill, staring at C-Span on her Senate office television as one colleague after another came to the floor to rail about the shuttered government .Frustrated with the lack of progress, Ms.
2	 Abigail Spencer, who plays the sister of a wrongly convicted man in the languid new Sundance series  Rectify,  beginning Monday, can speak eloquently about the show's underlying ideas about love, identity and family. But she admitted that at least one aspect of the series — her character's name, Amantha — was as puzzling to her as it probably will be to viewers. We joked that someone was a little drunk when she was named and they couldn't decide between Samantha and Amanda,  she said.
4	 The San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus sang  Give 'Em Hope  for a revered and in some ways surprising guest who shared a California stage with them last month: Justice Anthony M . Kennedy. Justice Kennedy was in San Francisco for an American Bar Association meeting, but he was also there to be celebrated by the men on the risers behind him. In remarks from the stage, San Francisco's mayor, Edwin M. Lee, thanked the justice  for upholding the Constitution and justice for all  in his majority opinion in June in United States v.
4	 The North Carolina Senate approved new limits on abortions Wednesday, defying opponents who complained that the Republican majority breached protocol by passing the restrictions less than 24 hours after their surprise introduction.The proposed package of rules, which has yet to be considered by the House, would force abortion clinics to abide by regulations akin to those required of ambulatory surgical centers. I would consider it to be a common-sense measure and very rational,  said John L. Rustin, president of the North Carolina Family Policy Council, which supports the limits.
3	  WASHINGTON — The widow of a United Airlines pilot who died on Sept. 11, 2001, is lobbying for legislation that would require airlines to install a second security door to prevent would-be hijackers from rushing cockpits. But the move is opposed by the airline industry, which says the existing security measures are good enough.Ellen Saracini, whose husband, Victor, was the captain on the hijacked United Flight, which crashed into the World Trade Center's South Tower, said she learned in August that United had begun removing the secondary security doors from newer planes.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Ten things to know about the British Open, to be played July 18-21 at Muirfield . The course has hosted the tournament 15 times before, from 1892 to:THE FAIREST OF THEM ALLMuirfield is considered the purest of the links course in the British Open rotation. Blind shots are rare. Nothing is hidden. The course forms two loops, with the front nine running clockwise around the perimeter, and an inner loop for the back nine that goes counterclockwise. This means golfers face wind from all directions.
1	  WASHINGTON — The tiny mosquito all too often has man on the run. And this summer, it seems even worse than usual. You can't get from the car to inside our house without getting attacked, it's that bad,  high school teacher Ryan Miller said from his home in Arlington, Va. Minutes earlier, he saw a mosquito circling his 4- month-old daughter — indoors.Experts say it's been a buggier-than-normal summer in many places around the U.S. because of a combination of drought, heavy rain and heat .
2	 The pianist and composer Muhal Richard Abrams, who just turned, has always had roughly equal use for communion and solitude. Nearly 50 years ago he laid the groundwork for the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians, one of the great collectivist institutions in African- American music . And yet his own creative metabolism suggests a rugged self-containment, impervious to outside influence.So there's more than a casual symmetry in the format for his concert on Thursday in Brooklyn at Roulette, which kicks off the 25th season of Interpretations, the new-music series run by Thomas Buckner. Mr.
4	 The death of Frank R. Lautenberg on Monday has left Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey with the kind of opportunity that politicians usually covet: the chance to give away a seat in the United States Senate . But the decision is fraught with pitfalls, none bigger than having to choose between improving his party's fortunes in Washington and furthering his own political ambitions at home.Mr.
3	 PARIS — Garrett Oliver popped the cork of one of his specialty brews, swirled the amber liquid into a wine glass and took a hearty sniff. It smells a little like cheese — in a good way,  Mr. Oliver said the other night at a tasting of his artisanal beers.Mr. Oliver, the brewmaster at Brooklyn Brewery, has a quirky way of describing his creations. He refers to the more complex ones as  a little bit barnyard,   having a funky nose  or  like a good sourdough bread.
0	  AKRON, Ohio — Tiger Woods had a shot at making history with a magical.He swore he wasn't disappointed to come up short. Disappointed? Absolutely not,  he said.Then he cracked,  A 61's pretty good. I'm not bummed. Like a pitcher having to settle for a shutout instead of a perfect game, Woods could console himself by tying his career best and building a seven-shot lead Friday through 36 holes at the Bridgestone Invitational .
2	 Instead, moments before beginning his speech on Wednesday, President Obama flashed a big grin that seemed to acknowledge the weird aptness of the moment. He is a twice- elected president of the United States, and that is something that even the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr . might not have dreamed possible when he gave his historic  I Have a Dream  speech 50 years ago .And that was it. Mr. Obama talked about Dr.
0	 (Reuters) - Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson hopes his team's Sunday meeting with the host New York Giants serves as a Super Bowl dress rehearsal with the teams set to clash at the site the National Football League title game . Seattle (11-2) has the NFC's best record and the inside track to home field advantage throughout the playoffs in a campaign that could bring them back to MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, for the first cold-weather Super Bowl .
3	  HOUSTON — Nearly four years after the Gulf of Mexico oil rig explosion that left 11 dead, a former low-level engineer at BP was found guilty on Wednesday of obstruction of justice for deleting messages during a federal investigation into how much oil leaked.Kurt Mix, a drilling and completions project engineer from Katy, Tex., was the first of four current or former BP employees charged criminally for actions related to the well blowout to be tried and convicted. The one count of obstruction of justice carries a maximum sentence of 20 years' imprisonment and a fine of,000.
3	 Until this week, when the Justice Department filed suit to block the proposed merger of the airlines' parent companies, it had been notably lax on airline mergers. What the antitrust division deemed acceptable — even beneficial — for Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines (in, and Continental and United Airlines, and Southwest Airlines and AirTran Airways (2011) now  threatens substantial harm to consumers,  the complaint says.US Airways has been doubly unlucky. United abandoned a merger deal with US Air in 2001 after the Bush administration said it would file an antitrust suit.
2	  No drama .  That's how Jedediah Wheeler, the executive director of Peak Performances at Montclair State University in New Jersey, describes working with Liz Gerring, the on-the-rise choreographer he has chosen to open his fall series on Thursday.  Without drama   is how Ms. Gerring has described her own athletic, abstract dances. In both statements, the lack was meant as a positive.It has not always been so. Ms. Gerring, 48, has been making dances since the mid-1990s, but for the first 10 years she received almost no recognition.
3	 WE'VE come out of one of the busiest travel periods of the year, and if it showed anything, it was that confusion reigned for fliers.For example, are you uncertain about when you can use your mobile device on a plane under those new rules? So was the flight attendant on my wife's connection last week on a United flight out of Dulles airport to Binghamton, N.Y., operated by a United contractor called CommutAir.Passengers have been allowed for the last month under new federal guidelines to use mobile devices from gate to gate.
2	 Imagine, if you will, the Grammy Awards of. The winners will be a diverse lot: young pop-rappers who sound like suburban Wiz Khalifas; dance-music producers using the dubstep drop ironically; all manner of Taylor Swift revivalists; pop-R&B- hip-hop hybridizers who sample Drake, maybe Mumford & Sons .And what a mistake all that will be.
3	 After months of negotiations, American Airlines and US Airways appeared likely to announce a merger this week, which would create the nation's biggest airline and concentrate even further a once-fragmented industry.A merger would expand American's domestic network, particularly in the Northeast and the Southwest, and create a more formidable competitor internationally. The combined airline would jump ahead of United Airlines and Delta Air Lines, both of which have grown through mergers of their own in recent years .The combination would probably bring to an end the wave of consolidation that has swept the industry.
4	  ATLANTA — Here at the nation's largest gathering of politically minded gays and lesbians, President Obama's historic inclusion of sexual orientation in his inauguration speech just days earlier would seem to be cause for celebration.And it was, sort of.
0	  SEATTLE — Coming off the high of knocking off a heated division rival in Week, Seattle coach Pete Carroll wasn't about to take any chances.He pulled his Seahawks together early this past week to make sure they didn't linger in the glow of dominating San Francisco and get caught napping against Jacksonville . We thought maybe something big had happened but he let us know we've got to treat this game just like we approached the 49 ers game,  Seattle cornerback Brandon Browner said.
1	 The fate of the world's forests on a warming planet has long been one of the great unanswered questions about climate change . Now, new research is complicating the picture further, suggesting that big shifts are already under way in how forests work.A paper published Wednesday suggests that trees in at least some parts of the world are having to pull less water out of the ground to achieve a given amount of growth .
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, faces the increasingly difficult challenge of shaping investor expectations about the future course of Fed policy amid growing signs that the Bernanke era at the central bank is drawing to a close. President Obama suggested late Monday that he was likely to nominate a new Fed chairman this year, saying that Mr. Bernanke had  already stayed a lot longer than he wanted or he was supposed to.  Mr. Obama added that Mr. Bernanke, whose second four-year term in office ends in January, has done an  outstanding job.
3	 LONDON — Tata Motors, India's largest automaker, on Wednesday reported a 37 percent fall in its fourth-quarter profit, to.45 billion rupees (about $700 million, compared with the same period a year earlier. Revenue rose 10 percent, to 560 billion rupees . The company's results were better than analysts' forecasts, and its share price rose.7 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange .But Tata Motors said it was facing  a weak operating environment  in its home market . The Indian unit reported a small net loss for the quarter, which ended March.
3	  WASHINGTON — With economic leaders gathering in Washington for the World Bank and International Monetary Fund spring meetings this week, the I.M.F. has nudged down its estimates for world growth in.In a periodic update to its economic projections, the fund said on Tuesday that it expected global growth of about.3 percent this year and 4 percent in. That is a reduction of.2 percentage point since its January estimate for; it did not change its estimate for next year's growth .
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.05 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.07 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.04 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKColumbus, Ohio, $296.6 million of various purpose limited and unlimited tax bonds . Bank of America . Dallas, $164.
3	 FRANKFURT — Nervousness about United States monetary policy and fears of a budget and borrowing breakdown in Washington are creating a bigger drag on the global economy than expected, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development warned on Tuesday. The report was a more pessimistic view of global growth than six months ago .The organization, which has 34 members worldwide, including the United States and most of the 17 members of the European Union that use the euro, said American policy was having far-reaching harmful effects on developing countries like Indonesia and Brazil.
0	  COSTA DO SAUIPE, Brazil — Three matches in tropical beach resort cities. Staying in the cooler south with minimal travel between matches. Flying around the vast country with a trip deep into the Amazon in the middle.The World Cup draw is Friday, setting the match schedule for the 32 teams . Some slots are clearly more desirable than others.
4	 Following this summer's divisive abortion debate in the State Legislature, Texas Republicans see an opening for the 2014 election as they work to reach out to Hispanic voters who could be spurred to the polls by the party's anti-abortion stance.But Democrats see the plan as a losing proposition for Republicans, arguing that the reputation of most Hispanics as socially conservative is inaccurate and that Hispanics tend to side with Democrats on the issues that matter most to them.As Texas' demographics continue to shift, it is easy to see why both sides covet the Hispanic vote .
0	  PHILADELPHIA — Chase Utley is staying in those red pinstripes .Utley and the Phillies agreed to a contract that could keep the five-time All-Star second baseman in Philadelphia through at least the 2015 season, two people familiar with the deal told The Associated Press on Wednesday night . They spoke on condition of anonymity because the contract hasn't been finalized.The deal reportedly is worth around $27 million over two seasons with multiple vesting options. Utley has battled knee injuries in the past, but that hasn't been a problem this year. He missed a month with an oblique injury.
0	 Putting in another solid performance, the United States national team advanced to the final of the Concacaf Gold Cup with a convincing 3-1 win over Honduras on Wednesday night in Arlington, Tex. Landon Donovan once again proved to be the difference maker; no player in the tournament is playing as well as Donovan, a three-time World Cup veteran. He was involved in all three goals — scoring two of them — and is playing like the standout performer he was at the 2002 and 2010 World Cups .
4	  HOUSTON — One morning in July, Phyllis Taylor stood inside her best friend's house here, face to face with her stepbrother. He was holding a.22- caliber rifle, his eyes bloodshot red. Then he pulled the trigger .Ms. Taylor survived — the bullet came within one inch of her heart and lodged in her right shoulder. More than 17 years later, a scar the size of a nickel remains on her chest, but her anger has faded: She has forgiven her stepbrother, Duane E. Buck, 49, and has been trying to secure his release from Texas' death row .
3	 FRANKFURT — Germany, which has often scolded other countries for accumulating too much debt and not being competitive enough in the global economy, now finds its own economic policy under heavy attack .The European Commission on Wednesday began an extensive review into whether Germany's huge trade surplus, which stood at.9 billion euros, or.7 billion, in the second quarter of this year, is threatening the rest of the bloc, a question with fundamental implications for world growth .
2	 Opera's New Face: Last year, The Times spoke to the director Chen Shi -Zheng on his reinterpretation of the traditional Beijing Opera. His latest work,  Monkey: Journey to the West,  will open in New York this month.JIANHU, China — WHEN Chen Shi -Zheng began rehearsals with the two actors he had chosen to play the lead in  Monkey: Journey to the West,  a pop-inflected international opera with a Chinese cast that opens the Lincoln Center Festival, he knew he had to break them of their past training.
4	 In the week since Election Day, the lead in Virginia's razor-thin, still undecided attorney general's race has seesawed. First the Democrat, Mark R. Herring, was up by. Then the Republican, Mark D. Obenshain, went ahead by 55 as of Saturday night . He was ahead by 17 Sunday night .On Monday, after the discovery of a voting machine in Richmond that apparently had not been counted, Mr. Herring retook the lead by 117 votes in a race with.2 million ballots cast .
3	  Stocks sold off late in the session Monday after the activist investor Carl Icahn voiced caution about the equities market . The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Nasdaq composite ended lower, while the Dow Jones industrial average failed to close above its milestone level of,000.Earlier in the session, the S.&P. and the Dow reached their highest levels ever in nominal terms.Speaking at the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit, Mr.
3	 NEW ORLEANS — On the first day of testimony in the BP Gulf of Mexico oil spill trial, BP's top executive for North American operations at the time of the disaster acknowledged on Tuesday that a well explosion had been identified as a risk before it happened. There was a risk identified for a blowout,  said Lamar McKay, the former president of BP America and current chief executive in charge of global upstream operations.  The blowout was an identified risk, and it was a big risk, yes. Robert Cunningham, a lawyer for private plaintiffs, tried to pin down Mr.
2	  LOS ANGELES — At one minute 45 seconds, with credits,   Fresh Guacamole   is the briefest film ever nominated for an Oscar. It's a stop-motion short in which that popular avocado dish is remade with different ingredients, starting with a grenade in place of the avocado. The short, made by an animator known as PES, is a sequel of sorts to   Western Spaghetti,  a stop-motion recipe of pickup sticks pasta and Rubik's cube garlic.
0	 BERKELEY, Calif. — Reshanda Gray had 20 points and eight rebounds on Sunday to lead No. 23 California over Lafayette 77-60 in the first meeting between the programs. Cal (8-3) led 30-27 at the break and used second-half runs of 13-2 and 10-0 to build a 70-48 advantage with:15 to go. Brittany Boyd had 13 points, seven assists and four steals and Courtney Range added 11 points.The win allowed the Golden Bears to bounce back after losing to No. 1 UConn 80-47 on Dec. 22.Danielle Fiacco and Linnel Macklin each had 13 points and Emily Homan added 11 points for Lafayette.
4	 During the summer of, the dozen or so accountants and tax agents of Group 7822 of the Internal Revenue Service office in Cincinnati got a directive from their manager. A growing number of organizations identifying themselves as part of the Tea Party had begun applying for tax exemptions, the manager said, advising the workers to be on the lookout for them and other groups planning to get involved in elections .The specialists, hunched over laptops on the office's fourth floor, rarely discussed politics, one former supervisor said. Low-level employees in what many in the I.R.S.
1	 The largest and most sophisticated rover landed safely on Mars and the world's most famous Moon visitor died, but the space event that most captured the public's imagination in 2012 involved a journey to Earth.On Oct. 14, YouTube counted 52 million streams of the Austrian daredevil Felix Baumgartner's supersonic, record-breaking jump from a balloon 24 miles above the New Mexico desert. YouTube called it  one of the most-viewed live events ever,  and it landed at No. 10 on the video-sharing site's year-end trending list — the first time a science-related subject made the list, a YouTube spokeswoman said.
2	 Tracy Letts knows his play  August: Osage County   is a winner. A scathingly funny tale of a broken Oklahoma family,  August  won the Tony Award, the Pulitzer and almost every other accolade for best play after it opened on Broadway in. It's battle tested,  Mr. Letts said in an interview.  It's been put through its paces. So there's no question about the material.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Kenny Perry tried not to get ahead of himself Sunday on the 18th tee at the Senior Players Championship . He knew all too well how quickly fortunes can change on golf's biggest stages.There was the devastation at the PGA Championship in. Disaster at the Masters in. Disappointment at the Senior PGA last month.If there was a way to lose a major tournament, the affable 52-year-old Kentuckian seemed to have found it during his otherwise sterling career. I thought I was snakebit,  Perry said.
0	 LONDON — It is just as well Kirsten Flipkens is not one to follow doctors' orders. If she had, her career would have been long over - not once but twice.The bespectacled Belgian proved that it was the doctors, and not she, who were short-sighted as she defied the odds to reach her first grand slam semi-final on Tuesday with a stunning win over 2011 champion Petra Kvitova . I've been through a lot of ups and downs throughout my career.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — Law enforcement officials investigating the killings of two prosecutors here said Wednesday that they had arrested a man on charges of threatening a county official, but that he was not connected to the shootings, underscoring the lack of significant leads so far.The man, Nick Morale, 56, of nearby Terrell, was arrested Tuesday by the Texas Rangers and arraigned Wednesday on a charge of making a terroristic threat. On Monday, Mr. Morale called a crime -tip hot line and said that a Kaufman County official would be the next victim, according to the authorities and court documents .
3	  United Parcel Service has told its white-collar employees that it will stop providing health care coverage to their spouses who can obtain coverage through their own employers, joining an increasing number of companies that are restricting or eliminating spousal health benefits .U.P.S., the world's largest package delivery company, said its decision was prompted in part by   costs associated with  the federal health care law that is commonly called Obamacare .
4	 Members of the local high school R.O.T.C., in their olive dress uniforms, stood in the parking lot of the Ozark Civic Center, directing the scores of cars into overflow parking lots . Sixty-two bikers with the Patriot Guard Riders rumbled into the streets around the civic center, and a half dozen of the riders flanked the entrance, holding American flags aloft. We come to funerals for veterans and first responders,  said a spokesman for the Patriot Guard Riders, who gave his name as Mouse.Charles Albert Poland Jr., 66, was a veteran. Last week he was a first responder.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a move that could bring to a head six months of smoldering tensions over a Republican blockade of certain presidential nominees, Senate Democrats are preparing to force confirmation votes on a series of President Obama 's most contentious appointments as early as this week.If Republicans object, Democrats plan to threaten to use the impasse to change the Senate rules that allow the minority party wide latitude to stymie action.Through the filibuster and other delaying tactics, Republicans have slowed the confirmation process as the president tries to install the team that will carry him through his second term.
2	 WHAT does a cable channel do when it stumbles onto a show that attracts more enthusiasm than anything else it has produced, but the premise all but forecloses any hope that it can be brought back for new editions?If you are Spike TV, you sit back, wait for the attention to fade and quietly assemble a new version — 10 years later.And so on Tuesday comes the return of a series some fans of broad, raucous comedy have raised to the pantheon of recent television:  The Joe Schmo Show.
0	 PARIS — Nikolay Davydenko will skip Wimbledon for the first time since.The Russian ended a five-match losing streak by defeating Frenchman Florent Serra, 6-4, 7-5 in the first round of the French Open on Tuesday.He plans to focus on the clay-court tournaments after Wimbledon . Davydenko hasn't had much success on grass in his career. In 11 straight appearances at Wimbledon, his best showing was reaching the fourth round in.The Russian has dropped to 48th in the rankings. He lost in the first round the last two years at the All England Club .
3	  DETROIT — The greenest cars on the market — electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids — have attracted very few buyers so far.But instead of scaling back, major automakers are eager to bring more battery-powered models to their showrooms.Two of the biggest producers, General Motors and Nissan, served notice at the annual Detroit auto show that they are in the electric-car business for the long haul .G.M., the biggest American automaker, on Tuesday said it would begin production later this year of the Cadillac ELR, a luxury version of the Chevrolet Volt, the company's current extended-range plug-in hybrid sedan.
0	  Ryan Braun finally said it: He took performance-enhancing drugs .A month after suddenly abandoning his claims of innocence and accepting a 65- game suspension from Major League Baseball, the Milwaukee Brewers slugger admitted he took a cream and a lozenge containing banned substances while rehabilitating an injury during his 2011 NL MVP season.In a statement released by the Brewers on Thursday night, Braun took responsibility for his actions. He also apologized to many people, including the sample collector he castigated after an arbitrator overturned the outfielder's suspension from a 2011 positive test .
1	 WOODLAND PARK, N.J. — Lonesome George, the giant Galápagos tortoise whose death a year ago signified the extinction of his subspecies, is taking on a new life — as an in-the-flesh reminder of what has been lost in the natural world .George, who had been kept in the deep freeze since he died, was defrosted last week at a studio here where taxidermists began preparing him for posterity, dunking his bony head and leathery feet into tubs of gel to make molds for later reference.
2	  Are we symmetrical?  asked Rostam Batmanglij. It was the kind of question — concise, mathematical, a little nerdy, a little tense — that might be expected from the keyboardist of Vampire Weekend, a band that packs complex ideas into twisted pop songs .On the last Sunday in April, the band was shooting the video for  Ya Hey  from its third album,  Modern Vampires of the City  (XL, due for release this week. They didn't have much time: sunset was nearing and they were supposed to be onstage at Roseland for a webcast concert soon.
3	 FRANKFURT — The German engineering and electronics giant Siemens said on Thursday that its profit fell 10 percent in the quarter ended Sept. 30 as sales dipped and the company booked restructuring costs .But the chief executive of Siemens, Joe Kaeser, promised a 15 percent increase in per-share earnings during the coming 12 months, driven in part by a planned share buyback .Siemens said that net profit for its final fiscal quarter fell to.1 billion euros, or roughly.5 billion, from.2 billion a year earlier. Sales fell 1 percent to.
2	 Seeking out raw beats from the world's street-level sound systems is the knack and mission of Diplo, the producer and disc jockey at the core of Major Lazer. For more than a decade, Diplo has culled, adapted and often anthologized an international assortment of beats, from Jamaican dancehall to Brazilian baile funk to Angolan kuduro. Is it exposure, exploitation, networking, diluting, sensationalizing, mongrelizing, trend-surfing, cosmopolitanism? All of the above; it's D.J. remix culture.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The astronauts aboard the International Space Station dimmed the lights, turned off unnecessary equipment and put off science work Thursday as NASA scrambled to figure out what's wrong with a key cooling unit.One of two identical cooling loops shut down Wednesday when the line got too cold because of a faulty valve. The system uses ammonia to dissipate heat from on- board equipment.Mission Control ordered the six-man crew to turn off some science experiments and other non-critical equipment; the powerdown continued Thursday.NASA officials stressed that the astronauts remained safe and comfortable.
4	 KILLEEN, Tex. — Nearly four years after going on a deadly shooting rampage at the Fort Hood Army base here in, Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan told a jury of senior Army officers on Tuesday that  the evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter. In an opening statement that took little more than a minute, Major Hasan, seated in a wheelchair and speaking quietly, said that there was death and destruction on both sides, but that the evidence presented by the prosecution would show only one side.
3	 SERRAVAL, France — Europe's reaction Friday to news of a sweeping international digital surveillance program by the U.S. government ranged from the outrage of citizens and politicians to the muted envy of some law enforcement agencies on this side of the Atlantic.Privacy is an emotional issue in Europe, where memories of state-sponsored snooping by communist and fascist regimes still linger. And so the revelation Thursday that the U.S. National Security Agency had obtained routine access to e-mail, Web searches and other online data from many of the biggest U.S. Internet companies — whose users stretch far beyond U.S.
3	  WASHINGTON — A Federal Trade Commission investigation into the practices of   patent trolls   is necessary because there is little real evidence about the costs and benefits of a rising tide of patent litigation, Edith Ramirez, the F.T.C. chairwoman, said on Thursday.At a patent and antitrust seminar here, Ms. Ramirez laid out her recommendation for the F.T.C. to use its subpoena power and begin a sweeping inquiry into so-called patent trolls, a derogatory term for patent-assertion entities, or P.A.E.'s, as they are called by the F.T.C.
0	  ANAHEIM, Calif. — Although the Indians could only manage one big inning against Jered Weaver, they still gave Zach McAllister more than enough room to get Cleveland back on track in the playoff chase .Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two-run homer during Cleveland's four-run fourth, and McAllister pitched into the seventh inning of the Indians' 5-2 victory over Weaver and the slumping Los Angeles Angels on Monday night . Nick Swisher homered and threw out a runner at the plate for the Indians, who won for just the fifth time in 14 games to regain ground in the AL Central .
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Americans spent at the fastest pace in five months in February, pushing up retail sales by.1 percent from January. About half the increase reflected higher gasoline prices, but even excluding fuel purchases, retail sales rose .6 percent.The report from the Commerce Department on Wednesday showed that Americans kept spending last month despite higher Social Security taxes that took effect this year.Core retail sales, which exclude the volatile categories of purchases of gasoline, autos and building supplies, rose.4 percent in February compared with January.Economists were encouraged by the stronger-than-expected gain in retail sales .
3	 ANNOUNCEMENTS by giant media companies about new series and other programming ventures . Appearances by pop-culture personalities like the rappers Lupe Fiasco and MC Hammer. Performances by singers like the Lumineers, dancers and circus acts. Free breakfasts, lunches, hors d'oeuvres and drinks. Goody bags filled with giveaway items that include smartphone covers, computer monitor cleaning cloths and cookies.It must be the television upfront season, yes? Well, yes and no.
2	 The concept of ear fatigue is widely understood, possibly too widely; in an ever-louder world, everyone's an expert. But those who spend a lot of time in recording studios — engineers, producers, musicians — talk about it with the most knowledge, because ear fatigue prevents them from working. After hearing too much loud music, without enough dynamics, they can't hear differences in tone and frequency and all sound becomes porridge. They're tired, done for the day.I like loud music, and often feel that concerts aren't loud enough.
1	 NEW YORK — The fearsome bite of a hungry Tyrannosaurus rex left behind new evidence that the famous beast hunted for food and wasn't just a scavenger.Researchers found a part of a T. rex tooth wedged between two tailbones of a duckbill dinosaur unearthed in northwestern South Dakota . The tooth was partially enclosed by regrown bone, indicating the smaller duckbill had escaped from the T. rex and lived for months or years afterward.Since the duckbill was alive and not just a carcass when it met the T. rex, the fossil provides definitive evidence that T.
4	  WASHINGTON — With major battles looming in the fall over the federal budget and the debt ceiling, President Obama is trying to regain the initiative, embarking on a campaign-style tour of the Midwest this week to lay out his agenda for reinvigorating the nation's economy, administration officials said Sunday.Mr. Obama's offensive will begin on Wednesday in Galesburg, Ill., with what his aides are saying will be a major address on economic policy at Knox College.
2	 In his second season as the Philadelphia Orchestra's music director, the French Canadian conductor Yannick Nézet-Séguin has already galvanized this ensemble's audiences and inspired its musicians. New Yorkers mostly know Mr. Nézet-Séguin, 38, from his appearances with the Metropolitan Opera . He brings his orchestra to Carnegie Hall for a gala concert to open the season.He is offering lighter fare, including Tchaikovsky's  Slavonic March  and Ravel's  Bolero.  The violinist Joshua Bell will be the soloist in some favorite showpieces — Ravel's  Tzigane  and Saint-Saëns' Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso. (7 p.m., Wednesday, 212-247-7800, carnegiehall.org; $49-$154.
3	  ST . PETERSBURG, Russia — The final shipment of civilian nuclear reactor fuel made from Soviet atomic bombs left port for the United States on Thursday, ending a post- Cold War program that has been a long-running boon for the American nuclear power industry.Over its 20-year course, the program, known as Megatons to Megawatts, supplied the energy for about 10 percent of all the electricity generated in the United States, far surpassing the electricity derived from solar, hydro and biofuels as well as other alternative sources.
4	  LOS ANGELES — As the head of the hotel workers' union here in the 1990s, Maria Elena Durazo negotiated a contract with provisions rarely seen by labor unions : The jobs of workers who were deported or lost authorization to work in the United States would be held open for two years, with the same pay.It was remarkable protection for the immigrant workers who made up the bulk of the union's membership — and it implicitly acknowledged that many of those immigrants were working without legal papers.In the years since, Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Environmental Protection Agency sharply criticized the State Department's impact statement for the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline, saying the report failed to adequately consider the climate change impacts of building the pipeline or to realistically assess alternative pipeline routes or modes of transport.In a relatively unusual public squabble between agencies, a top E.P.A. official said in a letter to State Department officials that the department's latest environmental statement for the,700-mile pipeline provided  insufficient information  to adequately judge the project, and that the E.P.A.
3	 Either way, the leak at the oil sands project in Northern Alberta — which has spilled,022 gallons of oil across 51 acres since June — is stoking the controversy over the energy source. This mess is a symptom of the problems with the reckless expansion of the tar sands,  said Anthony Swift, a lawyer in the international programs division of the Natural Resources Defense Council in Washington .   Environmental regulations have just not caught up. The oil sands industry is booming in Canada, pumping billions of dollars into the economy and providing thousands of jobs .
0	  MILWAUKEE — Neil Walker hit a three-run homer, Charlie Morton pitched seven strong innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat Milwaukee 5-2 Monday to retake the NL Central lead.The Pirates moved one game of St . Louis, which lost earlier in the day at Cincinnati . Pittsburgh won the opener of a nine- game road trip .Walker broke it open with his homer in the seventh for a 5-1 lead. Jose Tabata added three hits, including a pair of run-scoring singles .Morton (7-3) gave up seven hits and one earned run.
0	 The most notable development concerning the Yankees on Tuesday night did not occur in the Bronx, or on a baseball field, or even in a training room, as so often has been their fate this season. It materialized over cyberspace, first in the form of a misguided Twitter post fired off by the team's most controversial player, and then in a scathing response by General Manager Brian Cashman, whose already waning patience with Alex Rodriguez was tested yet again.
0	  BOSTON — The Rangers were trailing by 3-2 and feeling pretty good about their chances when they came out for the third period Sunday afternoon .But 26 seconds into the period, Boston's Brad Marchand got away from his defender and scored on a centering pass from Patrice Bergeron. That easy goal essentially decided the game, and the Bruins overwhelmed the Rangers at the end for a second straight contest. We gave it to them,  goalie Henrik Lundqvist said quietly after the Rangers lost, 5-2, and fell into a 2-0 hole in their second-round playoff series .
2	 A dozen years of distance expands the options for documentarians who want to mark the anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, but it requires insight and subtlety to take full advantage of the possibilities.  The Flag,  an absorbing film by Michael Tucker and Petra Epperlein, being broadcast on Wednesday night on CNN, has both of those qualities, making it as rewarding as it is thought-provoking.Other Sept.
3	 With a major civil trial scheduled to start Monday in New Orleans against BP over damages related to the explosion of an offshore drilling rig in, federal officials and those from the five affected Gulf Coast states are trying to pull together to strike an 11 th-hour settlement in the case .A lawyer briefed on those talks said that the Justice Department and the five states — Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas — had reportedly prepared an offer to resolve the two biggest issues central to a series of trials against BP, the first of which starts Monday.
4	  ATLANTA — A former college football player shot to death while searching for help after a car accident was killed by 10 bullets fired by a Charlotte, N.C., police officer, officials said Monday.The death of Jonathan Ferrell, 24, led civil rights groups to question the kind of training that resulted in the barrage of bullets fired against an unarmed man by a 27-year-old officer promoted two years ago from the animal control division.After a tearful meeting with Chief Rodney Moore of the Charlotte -Mecklenburg Police Department, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Since, the National Security Agency has been exploiting its huge collections of data to create sophisticated graphs of some Americans' social connections that can identify their associates, their locations at certain times, their traveling companions and other personal information, according to newly disclosed documents and interviews with officials .The spy agency began allowing the analysis of phone call and e-mail logs in November 2010 to examine Americans' networks of associations for foreign intelligence purposes after N.S.A. officials lifted restrictions on the practice, according to documents provided by Edward J. Snowden, the former N.S.A. contractor.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chief White House lawyer, Kathryn Ruemmler, learned last month that a Treasury inspector general had concluded an audit of the Internal Revenue Service 's targeting of conservative groups, weeks before the matter became public, according to a senior White House official.The White House counsel's briefing came about the same time that Treasury Secretary Jacob J . Lew met with the Treasury inspector general for tax administration, J. Russell George, to learn his draft audit of the controversial I.R.S. effort was complete, the official said.The acknowledgment that Ms. Ruemmler knew about the I.R.S.
0	  CHICAGO — Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien and his Chicago Blackhawks counterpart Joel Quenneville do not have all the answers but after a two-month Stanley Cup playoff marathon they know most of the questions.They meet with the media every day, twice on game days, win-or-lose, rain -or-shine, the daily scrums now as much a part of the Stanley Cup routine as playoff beards and pre-game meals.After four best-of-seven series and the finish line in sight the routine has become numbingly repetitive and on some days so have the questions.
0	 LONDON — Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray and Serena Williams will head a cast of fresh-faced hopefuls on Monday as Wimbledon heads into the second week which will be a Federer -free zone for the first time in 11 years.A second week which had promised back-to-back blockbuster matches after Murray, seven- times champion Roger Federer and 2008 and 2010 winner Rafa Nadal had been thrown together in the same half of the draw, will instead have a distinctly unfamiliar look to it following an unforgettable week of shocks.
3	  European Union lawmakers voted narrowly on Wednesday to force energy companies to carry out in-depth environmental audits before they deploy a technique known as fracking to recover natural gas from shale rock .The technique involves shooting a cocktail of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into shale to break it up and release the gas . France has already banned the technique, also known as hydraulic fracturing . And it has produced protests in Britain.
2	  The more you drive, the less intelligent you are  is one of the many pearls of wisdom delivered in Alex Cox's  Repo Man,  from. The movie starred the wily character actor Harry Dean Stanton (and his mournful countenance) in the role of Bud, an existential philosopher who happens to make a living repossessing cars for the Helping Hands Acceptance Company in Los Angeles . (Though it isn't Bud, but Tracey Walter's Miller, who delivers the insight about driving.
3	 A Japanese seat belt supplier said on Thursday that it had agreed to pay a.3 million fine to settle antitrust charges, less than a month after one of its executives was sentenced to prison for fixing the price of auto parts sold in the United States and abroad .The Takata Corporation is the latest auto parts maker to be charged in what the Justice Department said was its largest criminal antitrust investigation. The inquiry into price-fixing agreements, which began as early as January, has involved authorities worldwide and resulted in more than.6 billion in fines since.
0	  LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The Toronto Blue Jays signed a two-time Cy Young Award winner on the first day of the winter meetings, but he will not throw another pitch in the majors . Roy Halladay, who played 12 of his 16 seasons for Toronto, signed a one-day contract and announced his retirement . Halladay, 36, was 203-105 with a.38 earned run average and pitched a perfect game for the Philadelphia Phillies in, when he also threw a no-hitter in the playoffs. He led his league in complete games seven times before struggling the last two years.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — Hope and faith were just about all the Rangers had to lean on Wednesday as they faced elimination from the Stanley Cup playoffs by the Boston Bruins .
4	 As the federal government struggled on Wednesday to explain the technical problems experienced by would-be users of the health exchange Web site, www.healthcare. gov, computer security specialists say they had ruled out a cyberattack known as a denial of service, or DDoS, attack . Those occur when attackers fire huge amounts of traffic at a Web site until it collapses under the load.Such attacks typically entail hundreds of millions of data requests to a site per second. The federal health care site experienced.7 million unique visitors in the first 24 hours.
2	 The Berlin Philharmonic and its chief conductor, Simon Rattle, will give not one but two major opening-night concerts in New York next fall.First, on Oct. 1, they will open Carnegie Hall's 2014-15 season at a gala featuring the violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter, followed by three more concerts at Carnegie that will include a complete Schumann symphony cycle, music of Stravinsky and new work.The next week they will give a pair of performances of one of their most acclaimed musical events of recent years — a staging of Bach's   St .
3	  TORONTO — Travelers actually like flying on Porter Airlines. It could be the Canadian airline's formula of offering free premium beer and sandwiches, served by flight attendants in trim 1960s-era uniforms and, of course, the discounted tickets.But what travelers may love most about Porter is that it flies out of an airport on the edge of Toronto's downtown. It's a mere 10-minute cab ride or a vigorous walk from the city's financial district .The company now wants to expand that airport so it can add more flights and use bigger planes with jet engines, besides the turboprops it now flies.
0	  MIAMI — LeBron James and Maverick Carter have been inseparable since they were little kids. Extremely close friends, James trusts Carter with virtually every aspect of his life.For the last few days, they were not on speaking terms. I told him he's got to be great,  Carter said.  I told him, there's nothing wrong with a great player playing great. With a cigar in his mouth, and champagne and beer dripping off his T-shirt, James celebrated a second straight NBA championship Thursday night .
1	 A damaging earthquake in central Oklahoma two years ago most likely resulted from the pumping of wastewater from oil production into deep wells, scientists say.The magnitude.7 quake, which destroyed more than a dozen homes and injured two people, was one in a series that occurred in November 2011 in an oil-producing area near Prague, Okla. The researchers said the quakes occurred near wells where wastewater had been injected into porous rock for two decades. The link is pretty compelling,  said Heather M.
0	  OTTAWA — With only two goals in nine games entering Wednesday, Jarome Iginla was causing some to wonder when he would find the back of the net again.Iginla answered his critics in Game, scoring twice as the Penguins dominated the Ottawa Senators, 7-3. His line, which included James Neal and Evgeni Malkin, combined for 5 points.The Penguins, who have a 3-1 series lead, can eliminate the Senators in Game 5 on Friday night at home.Iginla, acquired from the Calgary Flames at the trade deadline, has 9 goals and 14 assists in 23 games with the Penguins .
3	 CORVALLIS, Ore. — Jose N. Reyes has a surefire way to make certain that in case of accident, his nuclear reactor is surrounded by plenty of cold water : install it at the bottom of a giant swimming pool .After the triple meltdown of the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan in March, a swarm of new ideas about nuclear power drew attention . One of those is the brainchild of Mr.
4	 ANNAPOLIS, Md. — As midshipmen were graduating from the Naval Academy here last week, Navy investigators were conducting an investigation into reports that several football players had serially raped a female midshipman at an off-campus party last year.Three Navy football players are under investigation in the case, according to Naval Academy officials . No charges have been brought, but the academy has delayed the graduation of one of the three midshipmen and his commissioning in the Navy, according to academy officials and others briefed on the inquiry. The academy's superintendent, Vice Adm. Michael H.
4	 LONDONDERRY, N.H. — The trademark pickup truck rolled up to the Harold Square restaurant here one rainy night last week and out popped Scott P. Brown, the former senator from Massachusetts . He had been a senator for only three years, but that was long enough to whet his appetite for more.But for more what, precisely? Mr. Brown, a noncandidate in perpetual campaign mode, is not saying.He is openly toying with some options, like running for the Senate next year in New Hampshire.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate Judiciary Committee heard testimony Monday afternoon arguing that the H-1B visa program, which covers highly skilled temporary foreign workers, often in high-tech fields, discriminates against women.The hearing, which was devoted to issues women face in the immigration process, also focused on family reunification, and ways to help families — and women specifically — integrate into the legal immigration system .
0	 It began in earnest more than five years ago when Tsonga, full of panache and positive energy, reached his first Grand Slam final, at the Australian Open in January .Like Noah, Tsonga was exuberant, attractive and cool.Like Noah, Tsonga was an intriguing mix of velvet-voiced perspective off the court and unmistakable charisma on the court .Like Noah, he was of mixed race: the son of a white French mother and a black African father who was a high-level athlete.
1	 NEW YORK (AP) — Talk about a caffeine buzz: A new study says honeybees get a shot of caffeine from certain flowers, and it perks up their memory.That spurs them to return to the same type of plant, boosting its prospects for pollination and the future of the plant species.Maybe it shouldn't be a surprise that one of the flowers is the coffee plant . Its nectar offers about as much caffeine concentration as a cup of instant coffee, according to researchers.But some citrus plants serve caffeine too, albeit in lower concentrations.
0	  HOUSTON — Brett Oberholtzer threw seven shutout innings, and L.J. Hoes scored twice to lead the Houston Astros to a 2-0 win over the Boston Red Sox on Monday.Oberholtzer (2-0) allowed four hits while walking two and striking out two. In his first two career starts, Oberholtzer has thrown 14 scoreless innings, allowing seven hits.Hoes and Jonathan Villar each had two hits for the Astros, who snapped a four-game losing streak . Houston took a 1-0 lead in the fifth. Hoes led off with a single and stole second and scored on a single by Robbie Grossman.
3	 When I was a young reporter we could not afford cellphones . I remember waiting in line for a pay phone in downtown Mexico City one afternoon to call in the news about the auction to privatize the phone company Telmex, driving those behind me crazy while a copy editor on the other end patiently typed it into those glowing green letters of an earlier information age.I traveled to Japan with a TRS-80 portable computer, which ran on AA batteries and had plastic cups to put over the phone receiver.
2	 The songs on Laura Mvula's debut album,  Sing to the Moon  (Columbia, hail from some alternate pop universe: a realm of choirs and orchestras, of dense harmonies and of songs that unfurl their own forms rather than follow verse-chorus-verse formulas. Ms. Mvula has a composition degree from the Birmingham Conservatoire in England and has directed a gospel choir; she's a musical architect. In some ways her songs reimagine the 1950s and 1960s of ambitious Broadway shows, of orchestral jazz suites, of Nina Simone and Miriam Makeba, but with a 21 st-century perspective.
3	  Regulators in Europe have concluded that there is little evidence that widely used drugs to treat Type 2 diabetes could cause pancreatic inflammation or pancreatic cancer, a finding that might reassure patients while also removing a potential sales threat for Merck and some other drug companies . Presently available data do not confirm recent concerns over an increased risk of pancreatic adverse events with these medicines,  the European Medicines Agency said in a news release on Friday.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the U.S. baseball season begins, it seems appropriate to borrow an analogy from the sport : Will the  can't miss  young phenomenon of the political world, Senator Marco Rubio, be able to play in the big leagues ? The immigration battle affords a good test.Mr.
3	  The American economy has generated 30 straight months of job growth . But for millions of people looking for more work and greater income, that improvement provides little solace.In March, 7.6 million Americans who want more hours were stuck in part-time jobs, about the same as a year earlier and three million more than there were when the recession began at the end of.These almost invisible underemployed workers do not count toward the standard jobless rate of.6 percent. A broader measure, which includes the involuntary part-timers as well as people who want to work but have stopped looking, stands at.
2	  LOS ANGELES — The dark tale begins with a concert violinist infatuated with a young student and ends with blackmail and suicide. In between there are visits to bars and brothels, brawls in swanky digs, creepy shakedowns and a cameo by Oscar Wilde. It sounds like a slightly experimental indie project. In reality, the movie,  Different From the Others,  opened in the summer of 1919 to sold-out houses across Germany.The cast of this silent film, which was directed by Richard Oswald, included two up-and-coming actors: Conrad Veidt, who would later appear in  The Cabinet of Dr.
1	 Since, scientists have been trying to answer a deceptively simple question: What will happen to the temperature of the earth if the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere doubles?Some recent scientific papers have made a splash by claiming that the answer might not be as bad as previously feared. This work — if it holds up — offers the tantalizing possibility that climate change might be slow and limited enough that human society could adapt to it without major trauma.
0	 LONDON — Former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Tim Sherwood was bursting with pride on Tuesday following his appointment as manager of the London club until the end of next season.Sherwood was given the job on a permanent basis on Monday after taking over last week in a caretaker capacity from Portuguese Andre Villas-Boas who was sacked after an embarrassing 5-0 home drubbing by Liverpool . It's an honour to be head coach of this top club,  the former England international told the Spurs website (www.tottenhamhotspur.com.
3	 The nation's top transportation safety official said on Thursday that the Federal Aviation Administration accepted test results from Boeing in 2007 that failed to properly assess the risks of smoke or fire from the batteries on Boeing's new 787 jets.Deborah Hersman, the chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board, told reporters that the problems seemed to have originated in the battery, when one of the eight cells had a short circuit and the fire spread to the rest of the cells.
2	 The new Egyptrixx album,  A/B Til Infinity,  is a lustrous and resonant thing. Released on the Night Slugs label, home to some of the most challenging but danceable music of the last couple of years, it relies heavily on texture, scrape and atmosphere for its effect, and only sometimes slips into outright groove.
0	 Shabazz Napier scored 28 points, and Ryan Boatright and Omar Calhoun added 17 apiece as visiting Connecticut overcame a halftime deficit to beat DePaul, 81-69, on Saturday night .The Huskies, 9-5 Big East ) trailed by 3 points at the break and were down by 1 early in the second half when they scored 13 straight, sending the Blue Demons, 2-12) to their 11th loss in 12 games. PROVIDENCE, RUTGERS 72 Guard Bryce Cotton scored 22 points, including two foul shots with five seconds left, as visiting Providence, 7-8 Big East ) beat Rutgers, 4-10).
4	  WASHINGTON — Deep-fried catfish served with a side of hush puppies and coleslaw has been a regional specialty for years and a cash crop for states in the Deep South . Now, catfish is at the heart of a dispute as the House and Senate prepare to work out their differences on a new five-year farm bill. The current bill expires on Sept. 30.At issue is a little-known provision in the 2008 bill that established an office within the Agriculture Department to inspect catfish.
2	 James Cagney spent much of the 1940s trying to distance himself from the swaggering, tough-guy roles that had made him one of the definitive stars of Depression America. After extricating himself from his Warner Brothers contract in, Cagney formed his own independent company, Cagney Productions, with his younger brother William, to make films for release through United Artists.The brothers' first effort, William K. Howard's  Johnny Come Lately,  unveiled a sprightly, whimsical Cagney, who functioned as a guardian angel to an embattled small-town newspaper publisher, played as a sweet little old lady by Grace George.
3	  OTTAWA — In his first move since becoming acting chief executive of BlackBerry, John S. Chen has removed several senior executives at the troubled smartphone maker, the company said Monday.Gone from the company are Kristian Tear, the chief operating officer, and Frank Boulben, the chief marketing officer . In addition, Brian Bidulka has been replaced as chief financial officer, although he will remain with BlackBerry for the balance of its fiscal year as an adviser.
3	 MADRID — Spain's shrinking labor unions have struggled during the economic crisis to put a brake on the government's austerity measures and help reduce record unemployment .Now, one of the country's two main unions is facing a crisis of its own. It is accused by the regional government of Andalusia, Spain's largest region, of misusing at least.8 million euros .46 million ) in public money that was intended for unemployed workers . The money was said to be used to pay for events and gifts to union officials .The union has denied any wrongdoing .
2	  LOS ANGELES — The winner of this year's Oscar for best documentary,  Searching for Sugar Man,  was first seen at the Sundance Film Festival . Ten of the 15 documentaries on the 2014 Oscar shortlist made their debut in the Sundance snow .What will the 2015 documentary race look like? If Sundance's coming batch of nonfiction films is as good an indicator as it has been in the past, the field is poised for a sharp turn toward athletics, big court battles and the evils of the Internet .
3	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration's potentially pathbreaking proposal for carbon emission limits on new power plants will face political and legal challenges from opponents who argue that the technology needed has not been close to being proven as the law requires .The draft rule was announced on Friday at the National Press Club by Gina McCarthy, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency . But to protect industries from pie-in-the-sky requirements, current law limits what rules the agency can make.E.P.A.
0	 Add another near miss in the 2013 baseball season. This time it was the Detroit right-hander Anibal Sanchez who fell just short of a no-hitter.Sanchez's bid was broken up with one out in the ninth inning Friday night when Minnesota's Joe Mauer hit a clean single up the middle. That was the only hit Sanchez allowed in the host Tigers' 6-0 victory over the Twins . It was the fourth one-hitter of his career, to go along with a no-hitter he threw as a rookie back in.
2	  In a way you have to forgive people of a certain age,  the writer David Sedaris said recently.  Like when you watch the movie 'Into the Wild.' There were times when I just wanted to take that kid and shake him, but then I thought, he's. That's what 20-year-olds do, and you just have to forgive him that. In, Mr. Sedaris recalled his own youthful hubris in  C.O.G.
4	 The death penalty in the United States continued its pattern of broad decline in, with experts attributing the low numbers to a critical shortage of drugs used for lethal injection, increasing public concern over judicial mistakes and the expense of capital cases, and a growing preference for life without parole .Eighty death sentences were imposed by American courts this year, compared with a peak of 315 in, and 39 executions took place, compared with 98 in, according to an annual accounting released on Thursday by the Death Penalty Information Center, a private group in Washington .
2	 Katniss Everdeen as fashion's It Girl? That's how the costume designer Trish Summerville imagined the teenage warrior portrayed by Jennifer Lawrence in   The Hunger Games : Catching Fire: As a previous victor, she must be camera-ready as Panem prepares for the 75th games.In Suzanne Collins's novels, a deadly competition is staged annually by the wealthy Capitol to punish the Panem districts over which it rules. The trilogy and the franchise's first film adaptation last year set the general tone. But a new team, Ms.
2	 Despite all the fear and anxiety, Netflix didn't steal the night in the end.   Modern Family   on ABC won the Emmy for best comedy, which was almost a surprise because it has won so many times before and because other shows, like  Veep  of HBO, have gained ground.   Breaking Bad,  on the other hand, is about to end its run, so it was almost inevitable that that AMC hit would get yet another standing ovation.
4	  BOSTON — Michael H. Michaud, a Democrat who represents conservative, northern Maine in Congress and is a leading candidate for governor next year, announced in a newspaper column Monday that he is gay .He said he wanted to address a whisper campaign from his opponents who urged voters to ask whether he is gay . Allow me to save them the trouble with a simple, honest answer: 'Yes, I am. But why should it matter?'  he wrote.  That may seem like a big announcement to some people.
3	 The turnaround of the American auto industry is paying off for senior management, particularly at the Ford Motor Company, even with a 29 percent reduction in compensation for its chief executive .Ford said on Friday that it paid Alan R. Mulally, the chief executive, about $21 million last year, and paid.8 million to its executive chairman, William C. Ford Jr.Mr. Mulally's bonuses dropped to $4 million, from.4 million in, with a steep drop in his stock awards and other compensation to about $15 million last year, from about $22 million the year before.
4	 He was a muscular guy with  kind of a nerdy kind of charm,  Marianna Taschinger recalled, a combination that proved irresistible to an 18-year-old girl in a small Texas town.They dated, broke up, dated again. He asked her to pick out a wedding ring . He also made another request — that she take nude pictures of herself and send them to him. He said if I didn't want to send them to him, that meant that I didn't trust him, which meant that I didn't love him,  Ms. Taschinger said.
3	 As technical failures bedevil the rollout of President Obama's health care law, evidence is emerging that one of the program's loftiest goals — to encourage competition among insurers in an effort to keep costs low — is falling short for many rural Americans.While competition is intense in many populous regions, rural areas and small towns have far fewer carriers offering plans in the law's online exchanges .
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama headed off to Martha's Vineyard on Saturday for his family's almost-annual August vacation, toting the usual baggage of unrelenting global crises but stealing a week's break before dealing with looming deadlines for the budget, his health care law and the appointment of a new Federal Reserve chairman.Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle, are first flying to Orlando, Fla., on Saturday, where each will speak at a convention of disabled veterans.
2	 NASHVILLE — Fans began gathering outside the Grand Ole Opry House at noon on Wednesday, almost 24 hours before the funeral of the country singer George Jones, who died at 81 last Friday. By 8 a.m. Thursday, two hours before the service was scheduled to start, the throng had snaked its way through Opry Plaza onto the sidewalk to the Gaylord Opryland hotel, extending the equivalent of two to three blocks.Soon some,000 admirers, including some of the biggest names in country music, crowded into the Opry House to pay tribute to Mr.
3	  The United States government on Friday announced its second civil fraud lawsuit against the Swiss drug maker Novartis in four days, accusing a unit of the company of paying multimillion-dollar kickbacks to doctors in exchange for prescribing its drugs.The authorities said that for a decade, the company lavished healthy speaking fees and  opulent  meals, including a nearly,000 dinner for three at the restaurant Nobu, to induce doctors to prescribe its drugs.
1	 The visible brain has arrived — the consistency of Jell-O, as transparent and colorful as a child's model, but vastly more useful.Scientists at Stanford University reported on Wednesday that they have made a whole mouse brain, and part of a human brain, transparent so that networks of neurons that receive and send information can be highlighted in stunning color and viewed in all their three-dimensional complexity without slicing up the organ.
0	 Is anyone having more fun these days than LeBron James ? As he demolishes his opposition nightly, the N.B.A.'s resident megastar has bearhugged a fan who drained a halfcourt shot, elevated the pregame dunk line into an art form and joined his Miami Heat teammates in putting together their own version of a Harlem Shake video. (James is the shirtless one wearing the crown.)There is a joie de vivre to James's dominance this season, which stands in stark contrast to the scowl he wore the last few years when he was the world's favorite N.B.A. player to hate.Now, he laughs.
3	 LONDON — A failure to tackle high youth unemployment could destroy democratic support for the European Union's governments, the German finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble, said Thursday, in an apparent concession that the euro zone's focus on austerity must be tempered by other policies.Speaking at an investment conference in London, Mr. Schäuble cited joblessness among young people as Europe's biggest problem, arguing that the Continent faced the difficult task of  enhancing growth but in a sustainable way.
0	 The German striker Lukas Podolski scored two goals and Olivier Giroud grabbed his third goal in as many games as Arsenal recovered from its poor start to the Premier League season with a 3-1 win at Fulham in London on Saturday.Manager Arsène Wenger's team bounced back from a home defeat against Aston Villa in convincing manner, exerting control most of the time at Craven Cottage.Giroud scored the opener in the 14th minute with a left- footed shot from close range, and Podolski doubled the visitors' lead four minutes before halftime .
2	 Thomas Adès's operatic version of  The Tempest,  which had its premiere in 2004 at the Royal Opera House in London and arrived at the Metropolitan Opera last fall, was conceived as a capital-M Masterpiece: three acts, big cast, full chorus, Shakespearean source.Its ambitions are grand, and there is a great deal of sheer pleasure in its surging, glinting orchestral score. But many of its beauties seem either disconnected from the development of character and plot or shackled by the relentlessly rhyming couplets of Meredith Oakes's libretto.Mr.
4	 CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. — From the nearby Walnut Street Bridge, the Delta Queen does not appear to be in distress. The Tennessee River stirs gently, and the red paddle wheel of the venerable steamboat is still.But the boat, a National Historic Landmark that once ferried presidents dating back to Herbert Hoover and now operates as a floating hotel, faces an uncertain future.
2	 I ADMIT it. I don't know much about modern dance, or postmodern dance, for that matter. I like it when I see it though I don't see it often. When I try to read about it, I can barely decipher all that windy talk of space and weight and freedom. Say what?But when I saw that the Trisha Brown Dance Company would be at the Brooklyn Academy of Music next week with a program that includes the New York premieres of Ms. Brown's two final works, I found myself curious. Not so much about Ms. Brown, 76, and her storied career.
0	 NEW YORK — The U.S. Tennis Association says  enhanced security procedures   in place for Arthur Ashe Kids' Day — where Michelle Obama will speak — will make for a  longer entry process  at the U.S. Open's main stadium.The USTA will open Arthur Ashe Stadium at 11 a.m. Saturday, an hour earlier than usual, to try to reduce delays for spectators. The tournament grounds will open at:30 a.m. for other activities .The USTA also says Arthur Ashe Kids' Day is sold out.
0	 NEW YORK — John Tortorella was defiant in stating that the New York Rangers didn't take a step back when they were knocked out of the Stanley Cup playoffs in the second round. General manager Glen Sather thought otherwise and fired the combative coach on Wednesday.The fiery Tortorella was let go four days after the Rangers' season ended with a Game 5 loss at Boston to the Bruins . New York had reached the Eastern Conference finals last year and was considered to be a championship contender in this lockout-shortened season.
3	  WASHINGTON — AS costs and competition from cheap natural gas force more old nuclear plants to shut down, their owners have a new complaint: the electricity market is rigged against them.Today energy in most of the United States is priced hourly in a deregulated market far different from the one of regulated power plant construction that ushered in the nation's reactors in the 1960s and 1970s.
4	  CHICAGO — They first bonded over basketball and sparred in the rough and tumble of a political campaign, admiring each other as master politicians .But appearing on stage together here on Friday, former President Bill Clinton and Gov . Chris Christie were nothing so much as two chummy wonks, casually dropping acronyms into discussions of zoning codes, land use and federal money for hazard mitigation.Mr. Christie, who as governor of New Jersey has cultivated an image more everyman than scholar, insisted he did not want to get  into the weeds.
3	 PARIS — Roberto Carvalho de Azevêdo of Brazil will be the next leader of the World Trade Organization, a Brazilian official said Tuesday, and will take the reins at a time when the group is fighting to remain relevant. Representatives of the 159 W.T.O. member states, meeting in Geneva, reached consensus on Mr. Azevêdo late Tuesday afternoon, a spokeswoman for the Brazilian foreign ministry said. The organization was scheduled to make an official announcement on Wednesday.Mr. Azevêdo, a career diplomat and Brazil's permanent representative to the W.T.O.
3	 It was only a few years ago that some economists were arguing that Europe was  decoupling  from its long dependence on trade with the United States and predicting that the Continent's future lay with the so-called tiger economies of Asia .German carmakers, at least, had a different vision of the future.The recovery in the United States auto market, which produced big earnings growth at Chrysler and Ford in their fourth quarters, has also been a boon for Germany's big three — Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen.
4	 HANFORD, Calif. — California Republicans hold no statewide office . They are ignored in the Legislature, where Democrats enjoy overwhelming majorities. Hispanic voters, who are expected to outnumber whites in California within the next several months, strongly back Democrats .So Republican officials are seizing on the strong performance of a Republican candidate for a special election in the State Senate here in the Central Valley — in a district where Hispanics make up the majority of voters and registered Republicans trail Democrats by 22 percentage points — as a road map to a turnaround in their party's fortunes.
4	 With 10 days left in the session, Texas legislators have a chance to look like they know what they're doing.That would contrast nicely with the actions of their counterparts in Washington and perhaps — just maybe — voters would notice the difference.It's a golden opportunity to show off. The national government appears to be a collection of smart people from all over the country who, when harnessed into a single organization, operate at about 25 percent of their average I.Q.'s. Texas legislators aren't any smarter, and their accomplishments aren't huge, but they do get better grades for deportment.
0	 A full schedule after a lockout-shortened season, a new divisional setup, outdoor games galore, the Chicago Blackhawks seeking their third Stanley Cup in five years. Those are all solid story lines for the 2013-14 National Hockey League season, which begins with three games on Tuesday. But make no mistake, much of the season will be about the Winter Olympics .The Sochi Games will cast a long shadow over the season, until Feb. 9, when the N.H.L. pauses to allow nearly 150 players to fly to Russia for the 12-day tournament.
0	 NEW YORK — Philadelphia's Cliff Lee outpitched Zack Wheeler after the Mets learned All-Star starter Matt Harvey has a partially torn ligament in his right elbow, Cody Asche had a two-run triple, and the Phillies beat New York 2-1 Monday night .Lee (11-3) gave a bullpen taxed by an 18-inning loss Saturday a much-needed rest. He allowed a run and five hits in eight innings to win for the first time in seven starts since July. He also made several nice plays in the field.
4	  ATLANTA — He says the United States is filling up with immigrants who do not respect the law or the American way of life. He refers to Latino groups as  the tribalists,  saying they seek to impose a divisive ethnic agenda. Of his many adversaries, he says:  The illegal alien lobby never changes. It's the Wall Street wing of the Republican Party joining forces with the Chamber of Commerce, the far left and the Democrats in an effort to expand cheap labor and increase voting for the Democratic Party . D. A.
2	 Ivan Vasiliev stood at the back of a large rehearsal room at American Ballet Theater's headquarters downtown on Broadway, restlessly waiting his turn as the choreographer Alexei Ratmansky worked with a group of dancers. He bounced on the balls of his feet, swung his arms back and forth and made a face at his girlfriend, the ballerina Natalia Osipova, who sat calmly on the floor to one side. Then, with little visible preparation, he suddenly spun into a pirouette, turning so many times that a group of corps de ballet members, sitting close by, laughed and whistled.Mr.
4	 Kevin Eltife did not plan to make news last month while speaking at a transportation conference in Austin. Participating in a legislative panel, Mr. Eltife, a Republican state senator from Tyler, tried to explain how he would revamp the way Texas financed road construction. Taking on more state debt is not the answer, he said. I would start with maybe a dime on the gas tax,  Mr. Eltife said.  I would also look at expanding sales tax into auto repair. The panel's moderator warned Mr. Eltife that Tea Party activists would not like what he was proposing. Mr.
4	  LOS ANGELES — A 23-year-old man wielding an assault rifle and carrying 100 rounds of ammunition shot and killed a Transportation Security Administration officer at Los Angeles International Airport on Friday morning, sending travelers fleeing in panic and paralyzing one of the world's busiest airports for hours.Two other people, one of them a security agent, were shot and at least four others were injured in the melee.The gunman entered Terminal 3 just before:30 a.m., pulled a weapon from a bag and began firing as he forced his way through a security checkpoint, officials said.
4	  HOUSTON — First, Judge Sandra Watts was stopped while trying to vote because the name on her photo ID, the same one she had used for voter registration and identification for 52 years, did not exactly match her name on the official voter rolls .A few days later, state Senator Wendy Davis, a Democrat who became a national celebrity after her filibuster over a new abortion law, had the same problem in early voting . So did her likely Republican opponent in next year's governor's race, Attorney General Greg Abbott .
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — Military prosecutors preparing to try Pfc. Bradley Manning said on Wednesday that they would introduce evidence that Osama bin Laden requested and received from a Qaeda member some of the State Department cables and military reports that Private Manning is accused of passing to WikiLeaks.The prosecutors also said they would present logs of Internet chats in February 2010 between Private Manning and Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, including one in which the two men appeared to be  laughing  together about a New York Times article.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — You may not have noticed it, but for several weeks last year, the Earth was surrounded by an extra ring of radiation.There are two doughnut-shaped rings of highly charged particles encircling the planet. Discovered in, they're known as the Van Allen radiation belts.So it came as a surprise when NASA's recently launched twin satellites to the treacherous region discovered a third, temporary ring. It appeared for a month before a shock wave from the sun destroyed it. Scientists are still trying to figure out how often this happens.
3	 NEW DELHI — People in developing countries worldwide will continue to have access to low-cost copycat versions of drugs for diseases like H.I.V. and cancer, at least for a while.Production of the generic drugs in India, the world's biggest provider of cheap medicines, was ensured on Monday in a ruling by the Indian Supreme Court .The debate over global drug pricing is one of the most contentious issues between developed countries and the developing world .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration on Monday reported improvements in the operation of the federal health insurance marketplace, but insurers said that severe technical problems were still making it difficult to enroll new subscribers . Administration officials said they had resolved a   network failure  that knocked out the federal website HealthCare. gov on Sunday. The officials blamed Terremark, a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that provides cloud computing services for the site.Kevin H. King, a spokesman for Verizon, refused to discuss the problem.
2	 The annual Brasil Summerfest, which began this weekend and continues through Sunday, has quickly established itself in New York as a reliably protean source of infectiously danceable melodies and rhythmic delights. But this year's edition of the music festival, the third, also seems likely to feature a heightened quotient of pointedly political lyrics.The festival includes performances by Gaby Amarantos, Marcelo D, Toninho Horta, Tulipa Ruiz and others, at outdoor locations like Central Park SummerStage and South Street Seaport, as well as clubs like City Winery and Joe's Pub.
0	 LONDON — Real Sociedad scored two brilliant goals to win 2-0 against a stunned Olympique Lyonnais side who finished with 10 men while AC Milan held PSV Eindhoven to a 1-1 draw in Champions League playoff first legs on Tuesday. Zenit St Petersburg midfielder Roman Shirokov netted a hat-trick as the Russian team made light of the absence of Brazil striker Hulk to thump Pacos de Ferreira 4-1 away in Porto .
3	 The Grand Bargain is off the table. Thank goodness for that.Even before representatives of the Democratic-controlled Senate and the Republican -run House sat down to their first official budget reconciliation meeting on Wednesday, it was hard to find anybody in Washington who believed a deal could be reached to bridge the chasm between the two parties' tax and spending plans. Republicans might be chastened, their popularity at rock bottom. But they seem as unwilling as ever to retreat from their position that the budget deficit must be reined in via spending cuts alone. The deficit, said Senator Charles E .
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — American manufacturing grew slightly last month and factory hiring increased. The modest gains suggested that the economy entered the new year with some momentum.The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group for purchasing managers, said on Wednesday that its index of manufacturing activity rose in December to.7. That is up from a reading of.5 in November, which was the lowest reading since July, one month after the recession ended .A reading above 50 indicates growth, while a reading below signals contraction .A measure of employment increased last month to.7. That is up from.
3	  HONG KONG — It was the Icarus of the solar power industry. And, on Wednesday, it fell to earth.The main subsidiary of Suntech Power, one of the world's largest makers of solar panels, collapsed into bankruptcy in a remarkable reversal for what had been part of a huge Chinese government effort to dominate renewable energy industries.The bankruptcy is a sign of the worldwide consolidation of the solar industry, which has been crippled by a glut of products on world markets and Western tariffs on Chinese products.
3	 When Mario Draghi was appointed president of the European Central Bank, the German tabloid Bild gave him a Prussian helmet because it admired his Teutonic anti- inflation credentials. The Sun, Bild's British equivalent, should give him keys to the City of London because of his pro- market credentials.Mr. Draghi likes London. The Italian still has an apartment in the city, kept from his time as a Goldman Sachs banker. He is a man with a natural affinity for the markets .Last week Mr.
3	 TARIFA, Spain — Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece are hoping that this year's record influx of sun-seeking tourists and their money from Northern Europe will continue past summer's end.Call it an alternative financial bailout .As Europe's peak holiday season draws to a close, Spain and the other countries of Southern Europe hit hardest by the euro debt crisis are reaping the benefits of increased tourism.Anita Bürgler, a 43-year-old Swiss kite-surfing fanatic, chose this resort town on the Strait of Gibraltar to spend her first-ever Spanish holiday. She heard it has some of the strongest winds in Europe.
2	 When Andrew Bujalski, 24 at the time, was directing his first feature,  Funny Ha Ha,  initiating a movement in American independent film was the last thing on his mind. It was funny to me that 'Funny Ha Ha' got pegged as the beginning of anything,  Mr. Bujalski said.
3	 All across the country, booksellers have a Christmas wish: that the e-book thrill is gone.There is reason to believe it will come true. E- book sales have flattened in, giving publishers and bookstores hope that consumers' appetite for print books will be renewed during the most crucial sales period of the year.But there are plenty of reasons for holiday anxiety, too, starting with a compressed shopping season, the result of Thanksgiving falling later than it has in a decade.
2	 It started out as an inside joke and quickly became an international art project, linked to a charitable cause.Nick Didkovsky, a guitarist and composer, and Charles O'Meara, the guitarist in the eclectic rock trio Forever Einstein, were in the habit of scanning eBay for used instruments, and e-mailing each other links to the ones they considered interesting. Usually, their finds were expensive vintage guitars — say, a Gibson SG from, the first year of its production — or exotic pieces that were also priced out of reach.But one day in 2010 Mr.
4	  BOSTON — On the opening day of his much-anticipated trial here on Wednesday, James (Whitey) Bulger was reputed to be many things, even by his own lawyer — among them, a bookmaker, drug dealer and loan shark who made  millions and millions  of dollars from his underworld dealings.But there was one thing, the lawyer insisted, that Mr. Bulger was not: an informant for the F.B.I. James Bulger is of Irish descent,  J. W. Carney Jr., the lawyer, declared in his opening argument.  And the worst thing an Irish person could consider doing is becoming an informant.
0	 MADRID (AP) — A Madrid court has postponed the trial of the father of Australian tennis player Bernard Tomic because the victim of an alleged assault was unable to attend a hearing. John Tomic was charged with assaulting his son's hitting partner, Thomas Drouet, after allegedly head-butting him near their hotel before last week's Madrid Open .Drouet said he was left with a broken nose and temporarily needed a neck brace.A hearing was scheduled for Tuesday but the Madrid court said it has been postponed until October because Drouet is abroad and unable to attend .
3	 The Walgreen Company, the nation's biggest pharmacy operator, agreed on Tuesday to pay $80 million to resolve federal charges that it failed to properly control the sales of narcotic painkillers at some of its outlets . Officials at the Drug Enforcement Administration described the fine as the biggest ever paid by a pharmacy chain. As part of the settlement, the license of a Florida facility used by Walgreen to distribute controlled drugs was revoked for two years.D.E.A.
2	 BOARDWALK EMPIRE ( HBO, Sunday) Who knew Prohibition lasted this long? In its fourth season, Terence Winter's Atlantic City gangster drama will add Jeffrey Wright (as a Harlem boss) and Patricia Arquette (as a shady Florida businesswoman) to its cast.THE ARSENIO HALL SHOW ( Syndicated, Monday)  Beavis and Butt-head  came back after 14 years,  Doctor Who  after. Mr. Hall has them both beat: it's been 19 years since his late-night talk show ended.
0	 The Bruins, founded in, and the Blackhawks, founded in, are two of the N.H.L.'s so-called Original Six teams . But until this year, they had never met in the Stanley Cup finals .Part of it was simply bad timing. Both teams were awful for long stretches in the 1940s and '50s, and also had droughts again in more recent decades. The Blackhawks' Stanley Cup in 2010 was their first since. The Bruins' Cup in 2011 was their first since.Another reason might have been, for lack of a better term, intercity sports karma.
4	  WASHINGTON — The universe of potential changes to federal gun laws seemed to shrink Wednesday during an occasionally tense Senate hearing on gun violence as lawmakers and proponents of more gun rules tussled with gun rights advocates over the availability of some types of weapons and ammunition . In the end, chances for a ban on assault weapons dimmed, and compromise seemed elusive.The hearing, the first held by the Senate Judiciary Committee since the mass shooting last month at a Newtown, Conn.
0	  PITTSBURGH — It is only natural for the Cincinnati Reds to be here for the first playoff game at PNC Park. They were here for the opener, in, and for decades they have risen and fallen in tandem with the Pittsburgh Pirates . The teams traded National League pennants at the start of the 1960s and again at the dawn of the '70s, when they both won two titles. Neither team reached the playoffs in the 1980s, but both started the '90s as division champions.
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — In the weeks before a mass shooting at a packed movie theater that left 12 dead and dozens wounded, James E. Holmes received six packages from an online ammunition dealer, according to newly unsealed court documents .Mr. Holmes has been charged with 166 counts of murder, attempted murder and other charges in the attack, which took place last July.The shipments were among other details scattered through search warrants and affidavits that were unsealed here on Wednesday. Much of the information had already emerged in earlier court hearings .
0	 Everyone suspected the main challenge to Tiger Woods's supremacy would come from someone whose performance arc, with all its ups and downs, could pass for an electrocardiogram. The error that most made was believing the prime contender was Rory McIlroy, the Northern Irishman who won two major titles before his 24th birthday.When McIlroy is good, he is very, very good, and when he is bad, he is likely to miss the cut, as he did at this year's British Open .
2	 VIENNA — Performances of Wagner's  Parsifal,  with its Christian themes and Good Friday finale, start to swell toward the beginning of the year and crest in the Easter season.Here the opera is an annual fixture. But with Wagner's 200th birthday coming in May,  Parsifal  has proliferated all over this year. In the last two months I've seen four versions in four cities, a mini-festival that culminated on Thursday with a bracingly vital performance led by Franz Welser-Mö st at the Staatsoper.
3	 As chief executive of a small Michigan military contractor, Nanocerox, he had already cut his work force by one-third. But it was not enough. And if the government spending cuts mandated by Congress continue, he said, more people will go in the coming months .The squeeze Mr. Kelly is facing is one reason markets are jittery about what the Labor Department's latest report on unemployment and job creation will reveal about the economy on Friday.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Justin Pugh was amazed how everyone reacted in the moment. Pugh, a right tackle who was the Giants' first-round draft pick in April, noticed that none of his teammates hesitated after center Jim Cordle left Sunday's game against the Dallas Cowboys in the second quarter with a knee injury . They all knew who would take Cordle's place: Kevin Boothe. He just comes in to work every day, and that's something that you admire,  Pugh said Friday.  Last week, he took snaps at center at the beginning of practice.
2	 The view of Tchaikovsky that emerges from New York City Ballet's current celebration of him — largely by way of the ballets of George Balanchine — is rich, multifaceted, complex. And yet it's certainly not for musical purists.One problem with City Ballet's orchestra arises at some performances. Throughout last Saturday's matinee, under the conductor Clotilde Otranto, it played a record number of wrong notes, an offense not just to Tchaikovsky but also to Balanchine.A different problem is that of musical texts. Balanchine reorders the music's movements in  Serenade  and  Mozartiana.
1	 Babies learn to speak months after they begin to understand language. As they are learning to talk, they babble, repeating the same syllable ( da-da-da ) or combining syllables into a string ( da-do-da-do.But when babies babble, what are they actually doing? And why does it take them so long to begin speaking?Insights into these mysteries of human language acquisition are now coming from a surprising source: songbirds.
3	 ABOUT 20 years ago, I was working as a marketing executive . I was young and had never been on a business trip so I was really excited when my employer sent me to Brussels . I still remember eating really good cheese and drinking really good beer while I was there. I thought that traveling for business was incredible.I still like seeing new places and meeting new people, but I sure don't get excited about flying anymore, and I travel about 150 days out of the year. It's O.K.
2	 Turner Classic Movies, Columbia Pictures and the Film Foundation have pooled their resources to create  John Ford: The Columbia Films Collection,  a most welcome boxed set that brings together five films directed by that dean of American filmmakers.Three have not previously appeared on DVD in the United States :  The Whole Town's Talking,  a Depression-era comedy with Jean Arthur and Edward G.
2	 The actual execution was carried out by the producers of the show's fourth season, posted on Sunday morning on Netflix, seven years after the original television series was canceled by Fox . But watching 8 of the 15 new episodes — the biggest binge I could manage before deadline — it seemed likely that the on- demand, all-at-once possibilities of online streaming had helped lead this groundbreaking comedy's creator, Mitch Hurwitz, and his colleagues down a bad path.During the insane rush of publicity leading up to the premiere, Mr.
3	 A few words used repeatedly start to sound like a chorus when Macy's talks about unveiling its new line of clothing and accessories with Thalía Sodi, a Mexican pop star : Curves. Prints. Color.And the one perhaps used most, which signals this venture's true value, is  Latina.  This is an amazing opportunity to deliver to the Latin consumer,  Ms. Sodi said, who described the brand as  specifically focused  on Hispanics .  The dresses will be stylish and sexy, but not too simple. Colorful prints, nice contouring to flatter the body.
1	 The very first meal a newborn lizard eats can change its life, influencing whether it leaves its birthplace and how many offspring it will have, according to a new study. A mere detail in life can make all the difference for the fate of individuals,  said Manuel Massot, a researcher at the Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris and an author of the study, published in the journal Current Biology.Dr. Massot and Pedro Aragón, of the National Museum of Natural Sciences in Madrid, studied Zootoca vivipara, a live-bearing species that does not lay eggs like most other lizards.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — Using George Zimmerman's own words, prosecutors on Monday opened the case against him by portraying Mr. Zimmerman as a gun-toting vigilante who  profiled  Trayvon Martin as someone who was  up to no good  and, with a gun in his waistband, set out to stop him. Punks,  a prosecutor, John Guy, quoted Mr . Zimmerman as saying, adding the expletives that Mr. Zimmerman used as he spoke to a police dispatcher on the phone .  They always get away.
0	 Andy Reid arrived in Kansas City on Friday, and the Chiefs are close to making an official announcement that he will become their coach.Reid and the Chiefs have reportedly agreed to a deal giving Reid, the longtime Eagles coach, broad authority over football decisions. His deal came hours after the Chiefs said they had parted with General Manager Scott Pioli after four tumultuous seasons.Reid inherits a team that went, matching the worst record in franchise history . But it will have the No. 1 pick in the N.F.L.
3	 SHANGHAI — To begin to comprehend China's vast underground economy, one need only visit this city's major transportation depots and watch as peddlers openly hawk fake receipts. Receipts! Receipts!  calls out a woman in her 30s to passers-by as her two children play near the city's south train station .  We sell all types of receipts.  Buyers use them to evade taxes and defraud employers . And in a country rife with corruption, they are the grease for schemes to bribe officials and business partners . Making them and using them is illegal in China .
2	 For a while, the Nashville Symphony Orchestra seemed to have everything going for it. After a triumphant Carnegie Hall debut in, it began to make compact discs prolifically, winning a handful of Grammys and a reputation for its championship of contemporary American music along the way. And it opened a sumptuous new concert hall, the,844 seat, $123 million Schermerhorn Symphony Center, in.When the Louisiana Symphony was flooded out by Hurricane Katrina, the Nashville Symphony invited the New Orleans musicians to Nashville to play a benefit concert, offering its own players to fill in gaps in the Louisiana string section.
0	 PARIS — Richard Gasquet knew what was coming when the match hit the three-and-a- half-hour mark and Stanislas Wawrinka began breathing down his neck as the local favorite again snatched defeat from the jaws of victory at the French Open .Swiss ninth seed Wawrinka, who will meet seven- times champion Rafa Nadal, prevailed 6-7(5) 4-6 6-4 7-5 8-6 to book his place in the last eight after Gasquet threw away a two-set lead at a major for the fifth time on Monday.In, Gasquet overcame a two-set deficit at Wimbledon to knock out Andy Roddick in his only grand-slam quarter-final appearance.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The church files are filled with outrage, pain and confusion. There are handwritten notes from distraught mothers, accounts of furious phone calls from brothers and perplexed inquiries from the police following up on allegations of priests sexually abusing children.Over four decades, particularly under Cardinal Roger M. Mahony, parishioners in the nation's largest Roman Catholic archdiocese repeatedly tried to alert church authorities about abusive priests in their midst, trusting that the church would respond appropriately.
3	 European auto sales broke an 18-month losing streak in April, industry data showed on Friday. But don't pop open the Champagne just yet: the increase was mostly a trick of the calendar.New car registrations in the 27-nation European Union rose.7 percent in April from a year earlier, the first increase since September, the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association reported from Brussels .But the association pegged that improvement mainly to the fact that April had two more business days this year than last.
0	 MADRID — La Liga clubs earned more from player sales in the close season than any league in history, including a record amount from selling talent to rivals abroad, according to a study published on Thursday.The figures compiled by Barcelona -based Prime Time Sport underlined how Spanish top-flight teams, excluding wealthy Real Madrid and Barcelona, are increasingly being forced to cash in on top performers to stay afloat.They also suggested UEFA's Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules, currently being phased in and designed to prevent clubs spending more than they earn, are beginning to bite.
4	  WASHINGTON — The pending nomination of James B. Comey to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation will probably shine a fresh light on some controversial chapters in George W. Bush's war on terrorism, with Republicans more likely than Democrats to question his role in the Bush Justice Department .But senior Senate aides said no immediate red flags were raised on Capitol Hill to indicate a bruising confirmation fight when President Obama makes his choice official. The White House said nothing publicly about the nomination on Thursday, and according to officials, the F.B.I.
1	 NASA's newest robotic explorer rocketed into space late Friday in an unprecedented moonshot from Virginia that dazzled sky watchers along the East Coast .But the LADEE spacecraft quickly ran into equipment trouble, and while NASA assured everyone early Saturday that the lunar probe was safe and on a perfect track for the moon, officials acknowledged the problem needs to be resolved in the next two to three weeks.S. Peter Worden, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California, which developed the spacecraft, told reporters he's confident everything will be working properly in the next few days.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday voted 12 to 3 to confirm John O. Brennan as director of the Central Intelligence Agency after the White House agreed to provide more information on the legal basis for targeted killings of Americans abroad who are believed to pose a terrorist threat .The vote, in a closed committee meeting, showed that there was substantial bipartisan support for Mr. Brennan, a 25-year C.I.A. veteran who has most recently been President Obama's top counterterrorism adviser and has overseen the expansion of strikes by the C.I.A. and the military in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia.
0	  TORONTO (AP) — J.P. Arencibia and Adam Lind each hit two-run home runs, Ramon Ortiz won for the first time since 2011 and the Toronto Blue Jays won their season-high fourth straight game Wednesday night, beating the San Francisco Giants .The last-place Blue Jays, who came in with the fewest runs of any AL East team, have 33 runs and 41 hits in their past three games. They beat Boston 12-4 on Sunday and won the series opener against the Giants 10-6 Tuesday.
4	  WASHINGTON — Republicans have an opportunity for a get-out-of-jail moment with the fastest-growing slice of the U.S. electorate, Hispanics .An immigration bill is likely to pass the Senate by the end of the month. The size and shape of the measure and the tone of the debate will be framed by Republicans in the next 10 days.That may have a small impact on recalcitrant House Republicans . It will have a larger impact on reinforcing or modifying the hostility of Hispanics to Republicans .
2	  LOS ANGELES — Ron Burgundy, his salon-quality hair gleaming on a drizzly late November evening, alighted from the stretch limousine in front of the Barnes & Noble in the Grove shopping mall here.Dapper in a glen plaid polyester suit, brown ribbed turtleneck and dark-green leather jacket, Mr. Burgundy strode into the store, stopping to hold aloft some merchandise.  Free Legos for everyone!  he cried to the hundreds of people crowding the aisles and leaning over the railings on the levels above.They were here — some had arrived as early as:30 a.m.
0	  DENVER — Markieff Morris scored 25 points and Gerald Green added, helping the Phoenix Suns rally for a 103-99 win over the Denver Nuggets on Friday night .Goran Dragic contributed 17 points, including two big layups down the stretch, in the Suns' sixth win in seven games. They did most of their work behind the 3-point line, with Green tying a career-high with six. Phoenix was 12 of 34 from long range .Wilson Chandler had 15 points for the Nuggets, who lost their second straight game at Pepsi Center to drop to 7-5 at home on the season.
2	 THE STANDARD LINE on Wayne Shorter is that he's the greatest living composer in jazz, and one of its greatest saxophonists. He would like you to forget all of that. Not the music, or his relationship to it, but rather the whole notion of pre-eminence, with its granite countenance and fixed coordinates.  We have to beware the trapdoors of the self,  he said recently.
2	  Hi, it's Andie,  comes the voice on the phone, conjuring up Southern peaches and silk lingerie, and you can't help feeling a little intimidated.Such is the allure of Andie MacDowell, who at 55 looks just an extra eye-crinkle away from her modeling days describing the naughty stuff she did in her Calvin Kleins.So what's she doing as the star of the Hallmark Channel's first original prime-time scripted series? There's not a lot of light on television,  said Ms. MacDowell, who equates positivity with beauty.  If you want to relax and feel good, Hallmark's about that.
3	  The Federal Aviation Administration said on Friday that it would order inspections of the wiring in emergency transmitters on Boeing 787s as it continues to narrow the search for what caused a fire on one of the jets last week at London's Heathrow Airport.Safety investigators are examining whether a pinched wire on a harness connecting a battery to the transmitter caused or helped spread the fire. They also want to check the transmitters' battery for signs of unusual heating or moisture.
3	 Bribery scandals have dominated headlines in several countries in recent months, among them India and Nigeria. International enforcement of antibribery laws has been increasing in the United States and major European countries .A new survey of corporate officials and employees in 36 countries — in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, as well as India — indicates that there is plenty of corruption that needs investigating.
2	 ARRIVING a tad too late for holiday giving, Kino's spectacular 14-disc  Buster Keaton Collection  nevertheless demands attention as an infinitely rewarding anthology of the major works of a major artist. Here is Keaton's richest creative period, essentially intact: all 19 of the shorts he made as a star between 1920 and, and all 11 of the silent features he made as an independent (including, for the first time on Blu-ray, the 1927  College.
2	 Natural sound is one of the glories of classical music . In our increasingly overamplified world, the concert hall and the opera house are like nature preserves where you can hear orchestras and operas without any electronic enhancement.This kind of sonic magic works, though, only when traditional classical music is performed in an acoustically vibrant and, by definition, enclosed space. Take it outdoors, and amplification is almost always necessary. Often lots of it.Still, there is something special about hearing an orchestra or a chorus, even an intimate string quartet, play outdoors, perhaps because it is so incongruous.
0	 PARIS — Kei Nishikori became the first Japanese man in 75 years to reach the French Open's fourth round .The 13th-seeded Nishikori beat No. 24 Benoit Paire of France, 6-7 (3), 6-4, 6-1 on Saturday, with Paire docked a point for being coached at a key moment during the match. Paire had a set point while leading 5-4 in the second and Nishikori serving. But Paire was given a point penalty by chair umpire Enric Molina for coaching, which is not allowed at Grand Slam tournaments, and Nishikori wound up holding serve.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — On the day he inherited the Knicks — the Linsanity, the insanity and the rest of it — Mike Woodson was handed a singular challenge: get Carmelo Anthony to play like Carmelo Anthony . Everything else would fall into place.At that moment, on March, 2012, Woodson was precisely the coach the Knicks needed. He was stern, direct, demanding, with a decidedly paternal touch — as quick with a lecture as with a supportive pat on the back. And, critically, he was not Mike D'Antoni, whose system and coaching style had been rejected by Anthony, the franchise star.
2	 BAYREUTH, Germany — It has become almost an expected part of the Bayreuth Festival tradition that the audience boos when the director of a radical new production takes a curtain call. But there is booing, and then there is the kind of demonstration that happened here on Wednesday night at the end of  Götterdämmerung.  The occasion was the fourth, and final, installment of the festival's new production of Wagner's  Ring,  the most anticipated event of the international celebrations for Wagner's bicentennial.
3	 TAIPEI, Taiwan — Twenty-five miles west of here on Taiwan's rugged northwest coast, a cavernous warehouse under construction represents the new priorities for an island where the streets were once littered with piles of discarded electronics and other refuse.At the clean and tidy construction site, building materials are stacked neatly and even workers' cigarette butts are carefully collected. The surroundings are designed to evoke a Roman villa, with lagoon, garden and canopies. The energy-saving shade tiles are made out of old CDs, DVDs and computer motherboards.
3	 FLYING over Alaska in the wintertime is a spectacular experience. At,000 feet, the state's rugged beauty unfolds, a succession of white mountain peaks against steel-blue skies, icy lakes and frozen rivers that snake as far as the eye can see. It's an awesome sight, wild and pristine, that glows in a thousand hues of red, orange and pink when the sun sets against the horizon.But then, you have to land.Juneau's airport is surrounded by mountains, the approach often buffeted by treacherous wind shear. Sitka's one small runway is on a narrow strip of land surrounded by water.
3	 KIAULES NUGARA, Lithuania — The first Soviet republic to reclaim its independence was Lithuania. But more than two decades later, the energy industry of this European Union member still feels like an outpost of a creaking empire run from Moscow.This straight-talking politician, who holds a martial arts black belt, has enthusiastically backed a deal to anchor a ship near this tiny island and put it to work processing deliveries of liquefied natural gas into fuel for Lithuanian homes and businesses .
4	  WASHINGTON — Twice in recent years, the Supreme Court rebuked the federal appeals court in Atlanta for its rigid attitude toward filing deadlines in capital cases . The appeals court does not seem to be listening.A few days after Christmas, a divided three-judge panel of the court ruled that Ronald B. Smith, a death row inmate in Alabama, could not pursue a challenge to his conviction and sentence because he had not  properly filed  a document by a certain deadline.As it happens, there is no dispute that the document was filed on time.
3	  WASHINGTON — Retail sales rose solidly in November, adding to signs of a strengthening economy that could draw the Federal Reserve closer to slowing the pace of monetary stimulus .The upbeat picture was clouded somewhat by a report on Thursday showing the biggest jump in a year in first-time claims for jobless benefits . Economists, however, largely dismissed that report as skewed by a late Thanksgiving and other factors.The Commerce Department said retail sales increased.7 percent in November as Americans stepped up spending on a wide range of goods, including automobiles and electronics.
3	  WASHINGTON — The mortgage giant Fannie Mae earned.1 billion in the second quarter, aided by a recovery in the housing market . The company, which is controlled by the government, has turned a profit in each of the last six quarters.Fannie said on Thursday that it would pay a dividend of.2 billion to the United States Treasury next month. It made no request for additional federal aid .The company said the rise in home prices during the quarter enabled it to reduce reserves set aside for losses on mortgages, helping to bolster its net income .
4	  BOSTON — The Senate race to replace John Kerry has generated little excitement over the last few months, and Massachusetts officials on Monday underscored just how low the interest level is, predicting that only 37 percent of voters would go to the polls on Tuesday.That would be a record low in recent times, officials said, falling substantially below the 53 percent who turned out in the last special Senate election, in. Mr. Kerry became secretary of state earlier this year.Every poll has shown Representative Edward J.
4	  WASHINGTON — In the rush to pass tax legislation, owners of auto racetracks scored a victory this week even as many other industries were left behind.With the help of devoted Nascar fans in Congress and lobbyists in Washington, track owners secured a one-year extension of an expiring tax break that allows them to write off investments in their property over 7 years, rather than the more typical 15 years.
3	 MY father was a pilot, and when I was a child we never had family vacation road trips. We got to fly, and I thought that was so cool. My parents insisted that I had to wear a suit jacket. That rule stuck, and I still wear a jacket when I travel.When I was starting out training as a chef, I had my share of flier mishaps. I remember flying into Frankfurt with my wife, Jennifer. We were recently married and I had the opportunity to study in Germany with my mentor, the chef Karl-Josef Fuchs.
4	 The 30-second Web video has the edgy quality of a campaign-season attack ad, including ominous music, grainy photos and a closing demand :  It's time for new leadership. But the target is not an elected official, or a politician at all. It is President Obama's secretary of veterans affairs, Eric Shinseki, the man being held accountable for his overwhelmed agency's problems.And for one problem in particular:  the backlog,  the huge and probably still growing inventory of claims for disability compensation filed by wounded or ill veterans.
4	  WASHINGTON — Accusing Republicans of a new level of obstruction, Senate Democrats moved on Wednesday to force a vote on President Obama's nomination of Chuck Hagel to be secretary of defense .Mr. Hagel's nomination was endorsed by the Senate Armed Services Committee along party lines on Tuesday. But with Republicans demanding more information before allowing a vote on Mr. Hagel by the full Senate, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, took procedural steps to limit floor debate on his nomination and bring the partisan clash to a head by Saturday.
0	 ARDMORE, Pennsylvania — Sergio Garcia had to dig himself out of a hole after offending Tiger Woods last month, then had to claw his way back from an horrendous start to the opening round of the U.S. Open on Thursday.The Spaniard twice went out-of-bounds on his first eight holes at Merion Golf Club, plummeting to seven over par, before covering his final 10 in a very respectable four under to card a.
4	  WASHINGTON — Backing down from their hard-line stance, House Republicans said Friday that they would agree to lift the federal government's statutory borrowing limit for three months, with a requirement that both chambers of Congress pass a budget in that time to clear the way for negotiations on long-term deficit reduction .The new proposal, which came out of closed-door party negotiations at a retreat in Williamsburg, Va., seemed to significantly reduce the threat of a default by the federal government in coming weeks.
3	 PARIS — A French court on Monday acquitted the oil giant Total, its chief executive and a raft of former French officials of corruption -related charges linked to the scandal-ridden United Nations oil -for-food program for Iraq .The across-the- board acquittal in the case, which prompted a decade-long French investigation, came despite widespread international accusations that the program was rife with corruption and was thwarted to benefit Saddam Hussein's government . The Paris prosecutor's office said everyone facing trial in the French case was acquitted Monday by a Paris court . Prosecutors have up to 10 days to appeal.
3	 One afternoon a few months ago, a 45-year-old sales representative named Mike called  The Dr. Harry Fisch Show,  a weekly men's health program on the Howard Stern channel on Sirius XM Radio, where no male medical or sexual issue goes unexplored. I feel like a 70-year-old man in a 45-year-old body,  Mike, from Vancouver, British Columbia, told Dr. Fisch on the live broadcast .  I want to feel good. I don't want to feel tired all day. A regular listener, Mike had heard Dr.
0	 NEW YORK — Top seed Novak Djokovic demolished unseeded Spaniard Marcel Granollers 6-3 6-0 6-0 on Tuesday to charge into the quarter-finals of the U.S. Open. Djokovic, the 2011 U.S. Open champion and runner-up last year, won the last 13 games to finish off the fourth-round match in 79 minutes.The 26-year-old Serb was dominant in every phase and excelled particularly from the service line, winning the first 25 points of the match on his serve.
0	 When the prize is the Champions League title, tiny errors and small tweaks become vital.Paris St .-Germain, the French team built with Qatari government money, held Barcelona to a 2-2 tie at Parc des Princes stadium in Paris on Tuesday night . Lionel Messi scored to put Barcelona ahead, but then limped from the match and possibly out of action for two or three weeks with a strained hamstring. David Beckham, to the surprise of everyone but his coach, Carlo Ancelotti, played from the start for P.S.G. until he was taken off to rest his legs midway through the second half.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate's final week in session this year promises to be memorable not for legislative business like the pending budget and defense bills but for something far less inspired: the vast amount of time it spends doing nothing in particular.As is typical on Mondays, senators will have their first vote at:30 p.m. From there, the rest of the week, during which the Senate will take up the pending bills and a group of presidential nominations, seems certain to be bogged down with the kind of hurry-up-and-wait limbo that has consumed most working weeks in the Senate this year.
4	 FARMINGTON, N.M. — In a small, brightly decorated room at the Childhaven youth shelter, a group of Navajo children played a quiet game of Monopoly, their faces registering the occasional faint smile. Abandoned, neglected or worse, the children have been living here, on the edge of their tribe's reservation, and most have been waiting for months until the state can find foster homes or relatives where it can send them.In the often wrenching world of foster care, the plight of American Indian children is especially fraught.
2	  You ever seen little black girls doing double Dutch?  he says as he swings to the beat of the invisible double ropes.  There's always one little girl standing, waiting to get in. And you've got to get your rhythm. That's what I've been doing. I've been doing this: waiting to get back in. It's been a long wait . Mr. Hall's well-remembered late-night talk show, a phenomenon in the early 1990s, encompassing moments as varied as the candidate Bill Clinton's playing saxophone and Magic Johnson's talking about contracting H.I.V., has been gone since.
1	  WASHINGTON — The rapid melting in the Arctic eased up this year. But the government says global warming is still dramatically altering the top of the world, reducing the number of reindeer and shrinking snow and ice, while increasing certain fish and extending the growing season. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issued its report card for the Arctic on Thursday, portraying 2013 as moderate compared with the roasting.Overall Arctic temperatures didn't soar quite as high, and Greenland ice sheets and summer sea ice didn't melt as much.
3	 LONDON — The American oil giant Chevron said Friday that it was putting its flagship British deepwater development project under review, saying high costs might not make it viable to continue.The company said that rising costs of offshore drilling, pipelines and other related equipment and activities meant that the project, called Rosebank,  does not currently offer an economic value proposition that justifies proceeding with an investment of this magnitude. If the project were killed, it would be a blow to the European offshore industry, particularly in Britain.
4	  ALBUQUERQUE — At the New Mexico Holocaust and Intolerance Museum, three dozen people, many of them teenagers, arrived last month without warning.Wearing T-shirts that said  Survivors of the Abortion Holocaust,  they demanded that the museum include an exhibit on what they called the  American genocide  of legal abortion, and fanned out to scatter cards with pictures of bloody  late-term abortion victims. They then moved outside to picket with a banner calling Albuquerque  America's Auschwitz.
1	 Science giveth, but it also taketh away. This week, a  high status  medieval coffin was opened to reveal another coffin. And what was being called  the comet of the century  is shaping up to be an interstellar bummer. But look, here comes the  Fireball Champion. Historians swooned when scientists from the University of Leicester in England recently discovered the battle-ravaged remains of King Richard III under a parking lot .
2	 The Icelandic director Baltasar Kormakur made his international reputation with such offbeat films as   101 Rekjavik,  a comedy about a sexually confused slacker, and   The Sea,  about dark family secrets in a remote fishing village. Yet he is making an impressive transition to American filmmaking with action fare like  Contraband,  a hit last year, and the comic-book -based  2 Guns, coming this summer.That doesn't mean he's gotten with the whole Hollywood program.
1	 Everyone has an itch to scratch.Why we and other animals itch remains something of a mystery. But now researchers at Johns Hopkins and Yale in the United States and several universities in China have found a key piece of the puzzle, identifying sensory neurons in mice that are dedicated to relaying itchy sensations from the top layers of skin to the spinal cord.
0	  COLLEGE STATION, Texas — Johnny Manziel won't be on the field when No. 7 Texas A&M opens the season against Rice on Saturday.At least not until after halftime.The Heisman Trophy -winning quarterback was suspended Wednesday for the first half of the game for what the school said was an  inadvertent  violation of NCAA rules . The quarterback was being investigated for allegedly accepting money for autographs from memorabilia brokers, which could have led to a much longer suspension.
4	  CHICAGO (AP) — Two men were taken into custody on Sunday as  persons of interest  in the fatal shooting of a 15-year-old girl here, a police spokeswoman said.The spokeswoman, Melissa Stratton, said the two men, ages 18 and, were taken into custody early Sunday morning and were being questioned. She said no charges have been filed.The development comes a day after the funeral of Hadiya Pendleton, which the first lady, Michelle Obama, and several other dignitaries attended.Hadiya was shot and killed Jan. 29 in a park about a mile from President Obama's home on the city's South Side.
4	  WASHINGTON — Lawmakers will return to the Capitol on Monday from a weeklong recess, facing a critical juncture on immigration legislation and controversies at the Internal Revenue Service and the Justice Department that will test Congress's ability to balance its twin responsibilities of legislating and investigating.For President Obama, how those competing priorities balance out could mean the difference between securing a landmark accomplishment — the first overhaul of the nation's immigration laws since 1986 — or becoming consumed by charges of scandal.Invigorated by the uproars, House Republicans are setting their sights more firmly this week on the I.R.S. and Mr.
3	  MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — When Bertrand Piccard was growing up in Switzerland, heady discussions about the boundless potential for human endeavor were standard fare.His grandfather, a physicist and friend of Albert Einstein and Marie Curie, had invented a special capsule so he and a partner could be first to reach the stratosphere in a balloon. His father, an engineer, helped design the submarine that made him and an American naval officer the first to plunge undersea to the earth's crust. All the most incredible things seemed to be completely normal,  Mr.
2	 The creation of a new opera is a chancy proposition. So the American Lyric Theater has come up with a way to bolster budding librettists and composers: invite a crowd of opinionated New Yorkers to a concert reading of a fledgling work and ask them to criticize it. Bring in a living opera legend and let her have a go at it, too. Whatever is left standing, the reasoning goes, has a fighting chance to make it into production.
0	 NEW YORK — The baseball players' association says any suspensions resulting from the sport's latest drug investigation likely won't be served until next year if the discipline is challenged before an arbitrator.Union head Michael Weiner expects Major League Baseball will notify the union of its plans for penalties in the next month, and the association will maintain any discipline should not be announced until after a grievance hearing, and then only if arbitrator Fredric Horowitz upholds a ban. We're going to have a discussion with them.
1	 Don't say anything that you wouldn't want the greater wax moth to hear. Researchers from the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, Scotland, reported that the moth has the world's most extreme hearing.The researchers determined that the moth, which is brown and feeds on honeycomb, is capable of sensing sound frequencies of up to 300 kilohertz. Humans can hear sounds up to 20 kilohertz. The figure drops to about 15 kilohertz in adults. Dolphins, known for their keen sense of hearing, can't hear above about 160 kilohertz.Like most things in nature, there's a reason the greater wax moth's hearing is so sensitive.
3	 IMPROVING health while holding down health care costs is the kind of having-your-cake-and-eating-it combination that most people can get behind. In fact, both ideas are embedded in the Obama administration's Affordable Care Act . But an uprising among faculty members at Pennsylvania State University over a new employee wellness plan is challenging at least some of the methods designed to achieve those aims. Penn State administrators quietly introduced the plan, called  Take Care of Your Health,  this summer in the deadest part of the academic calendar.
1	 Everyone knows that cockroaches are the ultimate survivors, with enough evolutionary tricks up their carapaces to have thrived for 350 million years and to have completely adapted to the human species.But the nature of the adaptation that researchers in North Carolina described on Thursday in the journal Science is impressive even for such an ancient, ineradicable lineage, experts say. Some populations of cockroaches evolved a simple, highly effective defense against sweet-tasting poison baits: They switched their internal chemistry around so that glucose, a form of sugar that is a sweet come-hither to countless forms of life, tastes bitter.
2	  Generalized anxiety.  That is by far the most common complaint voiced by the clients of a prominent New York psychiatrist whom I recently asked to identify the malaise of the moment. As much as that term evokes a sense of foreboding behind the glittering facade of Manhattan, it also describes the wary, embattled tone of world cinema in.Whether from the United States, Asia or Europe, serious films are reacting to runaway capitalism and its fallout with suspicion, disgust and nihilistic exuberance.
0	 In tennis these days, old stars do not fade away. They go on to coach new stars. Novak Djokovic, becoming the latest to hope that Grand Slam magic of old rubs off, hired Boris Becker as his coach. Djokovic announced the decision Wednesday on his website. Djokovic, who fell to No. 2 in the world this year, is following the lead of Andy Murray, who turned to Ivan Lendl as his coach in 2012 and promptly won a Grand Slam event for the first time, an Olympic gold medal and then another Grand Slam event ( Wimbledon ) this year.
3	 LONDON — If all goes according to plan, the British energy minister on Tuesday will formally approve construction of the country's first new nuclear power plant in nearly two decades.But little has gone according to plan in this ambitious project, which is already more than four years behind schedule. Although envisioned as a big bet on Britain's clean-energy future, the project has been bogged down in months of dickering between the British government and EDF Energy, the French state-controlled power company that is supposed to oversee construction and eventually operate the plant .
2	  SAN FRANCISCO — The first thing to know about Linda Ronstadt is that if you ring the bell at her home here, on a sedate street with views of the ocean, she'll answer the door herself. At least she did on a recent Monday morning .She wore a pink hoodie and jeans, her short dark hair framing the oval face that ornamented album and magazine covers throughout the 1970s and '80s, when Ms. Ronstadt was rock 'n' roll's biggest and most alluring female star, with albums like  Heart Like a Wheel  and  Living in the U.S.A.
0	  BALTIMORE — Mike Carp and Jonny Gomes homered to back an effective pitching performance by John Lackey, and the Boston Red Sox beat the Orioles 5-4 Saturday to end a five-game losing streak in Baltimore .After dropping the first two games of the series, the Red Sox fell into an early 2-0 hole before bouncing back. Carp's home run snapped an 18-inning scoring drought in the fourth, and Gomes made it 5-2 in the sixth with a solo shot that chased Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia .The victory increased Boston's lead over second-place Baltimore in the AL East to 2½ games.
3	 LONDON — One of Scotland's largest manufacturing sites will remain open following a settlement of a dispute between the plant's owners and the Unite trade union that preserves hundreds of jobs and provides the facility with millions of pounds in government support.The deal rescinds a decision on Wednesday by the company, the oil and chemical giant Ineos, to permanently shut the facility's petrochemical plant . It also secures continued operations for the site's oil refinery, the only one in Scotland and the source of most of the country's fuel .
3	 Jan Filochowski is chief executive of Great Ormond Street Hospital in London, one of the world's top children's hospitals. He is the author of  Too Good To Fail? Why Management Gets it Wrong and How You Can Get It Right,  published in June.Q. Do you remember the first time you were in a leadership position and how you felt about it?A. It was in 1986 when I managed my first health services organization, which was a collection of hospital services . I was managing, for the first time, probably,000 people. Just the sheer scale of it.
1	  WASHINGTON — A new study says man-made global warming may further lessen the likelihood of the freak atmospheric steering currents that last year shoved Superstorm Sandy due west into New Jersey.But don't celebrate a rare beneficial climate change prediction just yet. The study's authors said the once-in-700-years path was only one factor in the massive $50 billion killer storm . They said other variables such as sea level rise and stronger storms will worsen with global warming and outweigh changes in steering currents predicted by computer models.
0	  SEATTLE — Andy Pettitte allowed three hits over 7 1-3 innings to earn his 250th career victory, leading the Yankees to a 3-1 win over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday.It was his 213th victory as Yankee, putting him third on the franchise's career list behind Whitey Ford (236) and Red Ruffing . Pettitte (5-3) had six strikeouts and no walks in his 85-pitch effort. He has,940 strikeouts as a Yankee, 16 behind franchise leader Ford. Pettitte is 12-13 in 26 career starts against the Mariners, the only American League team he has a losing record against.
4	 NEW ORLEANS — Things traditionally get started a little late down here, an inclination that runs from mealtimes to political races. But with nearly a year to go before the 2014 election, it is already open season on Senator Mary L. Landrieu, Democrat of Louisiana . Why didn't she do her job, protect us from Obamacare from the start?  asks a new ad from Americans for Prosperity, a political nonprofit group founded by the billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch .
0	  SAN DIEGO — The Yankees took a deep breath and exhaled Sunday before diving into the maw of whatever Alex Rodriguez drama awaited them on Monday and in the days beyond. And for a few hours, they set aside concerns about whether Derek Jeter was headed to the disabled list again.But if the Yankees were saved from looking toward an uncertain future, they were not spared from a painful look back during a 6-3 loss to the San Diego Padres in front of another capacity crowd at Petco Park.
3	  DETROIT — Chrysler, the smallest of the American automakers, on Wednesday reported a big increase in 2012 earnings that helped its Italian parent company, Fiat, become profitable for the year as well.Chrysler said that its net income soared to.67 billion last year — about nine times as much as the $183 million it earned in.The exponential increase underscored the company's comeback from its government bailout and bankruptcy in, when it was taken over by Fiat.In the fourth quarter alone, Chrysler said it earned $378 million, a 68 percent increase from $225 million in the same period in.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama 's three nominees to run Medicare and Medicaid, the Energy Department and the Office of Management and Budget sailed through their separate Senate confirmation hearings on Tuesday and appeared to be on track to win approval from the committees, though none of the panels voted on the nominations.Marilyn B. Tavenner, who has been chosen to run the government's big health care programs, won endorsement from the House Republican leader, Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, who said he had worked with her in his days as a state lawmaker .Ms. Tavenner deflected criticism of Mr.
0	 A jury in Colorado has found that Riddell, the country's largest helmet manufacturer, was at fault for failure to adequately warn players wearing their football helmets about the dangers of potential concussions.The company was ordered to pay several million dollars in damages to a 22-year-old man who was injured in 2008 while playing high school football .The award, which came from the jury in Las Animas County District Court in Trinidad, Colo., early Saturday morning, is a rare victory for those injured while wearing football helmets. It could provide a prelude to a parallel case brought by N.F.L.
3	  HOUSTON — ConocoPhillips announced on Wednesday that it was suspending its plans to drill in Alaskan Arctic waters in 2014 because of uncertainties over federal regulatory and permitting standards.The decision had been expected after last month's announcement by the Interior Department that Shell Oil Company would have to provide a detailed plan addressing numerous safety issues before it could resume its drilling operations in Alaska's Chukchi and Beaufort Seas.
2	 PURCHASE, N.Y. — Many countries have excellent national youth orchestras. The most famous in recent years, the Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra of Venezuela, graduated to become the full-fledged, internationally known Simón Bolívar Symphony Orchestra . The United States never had one consisting only of youths until last week. But here onstage at the Performing Arts Center of Purchase College on Monday afternoon was the National Youth Orchestra of the United States of America, sprung to life in less than a week.
2	 Virtuosos often impress with their ability to produce unlikely sounds from their instruments. It's such a pleasure when a pianist coaxes beautiful, singing lines from a percussive object and a singer produces trills and effects that seem impossible to have come from a human voice.When a musician's technical control is blended with almost intangible expressive gestures, a pause that perhaps a millisecond shorter would have lacked the same impact, or an unexpected and hair-raising change in dynamics, truly memorable performances occur.Chris Thile is a master of the soft-spoken mandolin, rendering it a fitting vehicle for music from Bach to bluegrass.
3	 American manufacturing expanded last month, rebounding from an unexpected contraction in May, but hiring in the sector was the weakest in nearly four years, a report on Monday showed. The data could give the Federal Reserve pause on plans to scale back its stimulus efforts .A separate report on Monday showed that construction spending neared a four-year high in May, a sign that it has regained some strength after having collapsed in the 2007-2009 recession . Even with consumer and housing data pointing to a steadily improving recovery, pockets of concern remain, particularly jobs .
4	  WASHINGTON — When the United Arab Emirates wanted to create its own version of the National Security Agency, it turned to Booz Allen Hamilton to replicate the world's largest and most powerful spy agency in the sands of Abu Dhabi .It was a natural choice: The chief architect of Booz Allen's cyberstrategy is Mike McConnell, who once led the N.S.A. and pushed the United States into a new era of big data espionage . It was Mr. McConnell who won the blessing of the American intelligence agencies to bolster the Persian Gulf sheikdom, which helps track the Iranians .
0	 As the Yankees and the Mets prepared to meet on Monday in the first game of this season's Subway Series, they were two teams traveling in opposing directions. The Yankees, despite an overwhelming list of injured stars, had earned a reputation as scrappy overachievers who had somehow crafted a first-place record.The Mets, on the other hand, were as bad as they had been over the past five seasons, losing 12 of 16 heading into the four-game Subway Series and showing virtually no hope of a resurrection.
3	 Toyota said on Friday that it would begin negotiations to settle hundreds of pending federal and state lawsuits over the sudden acceleration of its vehicles.The decision comes two months after a Toyota Camry's electronic throttle system was found to be defective by an Oklahoma jury . In that case, the jury found that Toyota had acted with  reckless disregard,  despite reports of problems in the cars, and was liable for a crash in 2005 that killed one woman and injured another.Toyota had won its first three sudden-acceleration trials; the Oklahoma verdict was the automaker's first loss.
1	 Self-Perception, Past and Future: The Times's John Tierney discusses new research showing that people tend to  underestimate how much they will change in the future. When we remember our past selves, they seem quite different. We know how much our personalities and tastes have changed over the years. But when we look ahead, somehow we expect ourselves to stay the same, a team of psychologists said Thursday, describing research they conducted of people's self-perceptions.They called this phenomenon the  end of history illusion,  in which people tend to  underestimate how much they will change in the future.
4	 TUSTIN, Calif. — A 20-year-old part-time college student was responsible for an hourlong early-morning shooting and carjacking rampage in Orange County on Tuesday that left four dead, including the gunman, the police said.The man, Ali Syed, began shooting around:45 a.m. at the home where he lived with his parents in Ladera Ranch, officials said. He fired multiple times at a young woman in the house, killing her, and fled in his parents' sport utility vehicle, they said.Jim Amormino, a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff's Department, said the relationship between Mr.
0	 If one word can describe the members of baseball's,000-hit club, it is determination. A close second is anger.Pete Rose, nicknamed Charlie Hustle, once brutally injured a fellow player while trying to score in the All-Star Game . He is barred from the game for gambling on his own team's games. In the,000-hit club, he is known as the nice one.Ty Cobb, the club's founding member, was nearly as famous for his racism and propensity for spiking players as he was for his batting prowess.
0	 ROCHESTER, New York — Winning breeds confidence and in-form Brandt Snedeker says he now knows what is needed for him to land a first major title at this week's PGA Championship after a few close calls in the past.The fast-talking American clinched his second PGA Tour victory of the season at the Canadian Open two weeks ago and believes he is close to replicating the sizzling form he produced at the start of the year.
2	 On the first day of filming  Labor Day,  her new movie, Kate Winslet had a chat with Gattlin Griffith, the 14-year-old actor playing her son. He was terrified,  she recalled.  I just said to him, 'You're really nervous, aren't you?' And I said, 'If it's any consolation, so am I and so is Josh, and that  — here she used a robustly off-color noun —  over there, he's the most terrified of them all.'   (Josh was Josh Brolin, Ms. Winslet's co-star; the other person across the way was Jason Reitman, the director.
4	  COLUMBUS, Ohio — As a Republican chairman of the House Budget Committee in the 1990s, John R. Kasich wielded a ferocious budget ax. On Monday, as Ohio's governor, Mr. Kasich defied his party's majorities in the state legislature to push through a multibillion dollar expansion of Medicaid under President Obama's health care law .By a 5-2 vote, an obscure committee, the Controlling Board, which normally oversees relatively small adjustments to the state budget, accepted.5 billion in extra Medicaid funds from the federal government .
2	 The Eiffel Tower's Voice: Using drumsticks and mallets, composer Joseph Bertolozzi is turning Paris' Eiffel Tower into a giant percussive instrument.PARIS — The composer Joseph Bertolozzi, bearing a meditative look, stood with his feet apart in front of a door frame inside the Eiffel Tower . Then, 187 feet above the Champ de Mars garden, he pulled a latex mallet from his tool bag and hit the frame hard, and then softer, with agility and rhythm. That one was beautiful!  said Paul Kozel, a sound engineer, who recorded the dull thuds.Mr. Bertolozzi, who lives in Beacon, N.Y.
0	 TUSCALOOSA, Ala. — The man they call Tha Monstar walked into Alabama's football complex last month as if bound for a biker bar. Tattoos covered most every inch of his wide frame. He wore his hair carved down the center, into a Mohawk. He carried an Oakland Raiders knitted cap.His name is Jesse Williams, Mr. Monstar to the uninitiated, nose tackle for the mighty Crimson Tide . Three words best summarized his aura: extremely bad man. Too easy,  he said by way of introduction, substituting a favorite catchphrase for  hello. His story, though, is not easy.
0	 Faced with baseball's longest doping suspension, Alex Rodriguez sued Major League Baseball late Thursday, accusing it of buying the cooperation of Anthony Bosch, the head of an anti-aging clinic at the center of a doping scandal, as part of a continuing   witch hunt   to force Rodriguez out of the sport .In the complaint, Rodriguez's lawyers claim one of baseball's investigators paid,000 in cash for records related to Rodriguez, which were apparently stolen. A portion of the cash  was handed off in a bag at a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., area restaurant,  the lawsuit says.
0	 FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — Dripping in sweat after more than two hours on a steamy practice field, Brian Banks joyfully complies with every request for an autograph.After serving time for a crime he didn't commit, Banks doesn't take anything for granted, not even his signature. The first letter of each name is meticulously scripted with a distinctive swoosh of the Sharpie. Right underneath, he always makes sure to add a hash tag and 53 — his uniform number with the Atlanta Falcons . I loooove every moment being out here,  he says.
2	 I recall watching  The Big Valley  as a child, a western series on ABC about a family led by a matriarch who was smart, graceful, independent and tough (and partial to turtlenecks and black leather . Only later did I learn the true majesty of the star, billed on the show as Miss Barbara Stanwyck. Stanwyck (1907-90) — born Ruby Stevens in Flatbush, Brooklyn, and a former Ziegfeld chorus girl — had 35 years of movies behind her. Forty of her best films, many in 35-millimeter prints, appear in  Stanwyck,  a Film Forum celebration running Friday through Dec. 31.
3	 LONDON — Western oil companies trying to find shale gas in Europe are discovering that Ukraine, eager to reduce its dependence on Russian energy imports, is one of their most willing partners.On Tuesday, Chevron signed a 50-year agreement with the Ukrainian government to develop oil and gas in western Ukraine. The government said that Chevron would spend $350 million on the exploratory phase of the project and that the total investment could reach $10 billion.Over five years, Chevron says it hopes to conduct seismic surveys and to drill exploratory wells on a.
1	 WALLOPS ISLAND, Va. (AP) — A test launch of an unmanned rocket that would eventually help carry supplies to the International Space Station has been rescheduled.NASA says the launch will take place no earlier than 5 p.m. Saturday, with a backup opportunity Sunday.A Friday attempt was called off due to wind and thunderstorms in the area of Wallops Island on Virginia's Eastern Shore, where the launch of the Antares rocket is slated to take place.Dulles, Va.-based Orbital Sciences Corp. had originally planned to launch the rocket Wednesday, but was delayed by weather then too.
0	 With two and a half weeks to go in the season, only two teams — Boston and Detroit — would seem to have playoff spots nailed down. Detroit has a comfortable lead in the American League Central, while Boston's margin in the A.L. East is borderline luxurious. Meanwhile, five other teams — Tampa Bay, the Yankees, Baltimore, Cleveland and Kansas City — are in the battle for the league's two wild-card spots. And two more teams, Texas and Oakland, are in that scrum, too, although one of them will ultimately emerge as the A.L.
3	 Boeing said on Tuesday that it had signed an order for 175 single-aisle 737s, its biggest deal so far this year, from the European low-cost carrier Ryanair.The agreement is valued at.6 billion at current list prices, although Ryanair, like most large customers, received a significant discount. The final sale price remained confidential, but analysts estimated that Ryanair probably paid around 50 percent of the.1 million listed price per jet.The big order offers some better news for Boeing, which has been struggling with battery problems that have grounded its innovative 787 jets since mid-January .
4	  WASHINGTON — Seven Marines were killed and several others were injured when a mortar round unexpectedly exploded during a live-fire training exercise at a weapons depot in western Nevada, the military said Tuesday.The cause of the accident, which occurred around 10 p.m. Monday at the Hawthorne Army Depot, is under investigation, said Capt. Binford Strickland, a Marine Corps spokesman. Troops are often sent to the Hawthorne depot before being deployed to the war in Afghanistan .The names of the Marines, members of the Second Marine Division, an expeditionary ground combat unit based at Camp Lejeune, N.C.
0	  BALTIMORE — Travis Hafner sent a flare into left field that could have been struck with a pitching wedge. It was not the sort of parabolic blast that had made Hafner one of the American League's most feared hitters in recent years, but it was a base hit, and perhaps that should have been reward enough for a slumping slugger.Instead, Hafner tried to stretch a single into a double, and as he rounded first base, gravity worked its merciless business on his 240-pound frame.
2	 Notoriety was the key to headlining the Governors Ball Music Festival last weekend on Randalls Island. It used to be the making of a pop hero, and sometimes it still is.Saturday's main-stage closer was Guns N' Roses, the band led by a vociferous bad boy of yesteryear, W. Axl Rose. Sunday's finale — and by far the biggest draw, if tabulations by the festival's scheduling app were any indication — was Kanye West, the rapper and producer who has so often acted up in the spotlight and then written songs about fame-induced folly and megalomania.
3	  HONG KONG — China's economy is cooling, and Asia's once-rosy prospects look less shiny than they did two years ago, but this has not deterred Sotheby's from choosing Hong Kong as the place to sell a rare multimillion-dollar diamond in October.The auction house announced Monday that the stone,  The Premier Blue,  will be sold on Oct. 7 as part of Sotheby's regular twice-yearly auction series.The stone weighs.59 carats and is about the size of a shirt button.
4	  Voters want things. And politicians — officeholders, especially — are responsive to voters .Cranky people stuck in traffic are not happy people, and they pass their unhappiness along to those who represent them. Those same voters, in many cases, have already expressed unhappiness to those responsive and able officeholders about some other things, too — things that, in politics, might get somebody's mouth washed out with soap: taxes, debt and tolls.No need to start a pity party, but you can at least see the quandary for some lawmakers — especially the professional revenue haters.
2	 NOT long ago the actor Jim Carter replaced the crisp butler's uniform he wears on  Downton Abbey  with a snug Lycra ensemble for a getting-away-from-it-all cycling trip in Cambodia. Shooting had ended on the third season, which begins Sunday on PBS, and he celebrated with a long ride along the Mekong River. Amid the ancient temples of Angkor Wat he found himself wilting in the steamy climate — and suddenly swarmed by a group of Asian tourists screaming,  Mr.
0	  KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The electrifying performance that Yordano Ventura delivered in his big league debut Tuesday night normally would be enough to help Royals fans feel better after a late-game collapse.Then again, the Royals aren't accustomed to playing games that mean something in September.So even though Ventura kept the Cleveland Indians off the scoreboard until the sixth inning and departed with the lead, the inability of the Kansas City bullpen to hold on in a 5-3 defeat is what will stand out as the season heads toward its conclusion.
2	 Can the right teacher make the difference between failure and success? Imagine learning about civil rights from the Rev. Jesse Jackson, economics from the financial expert Suze Orman and music from the producer Swizz Beatz.  Dream School,  a series beginning Monday night at 10 on the Sundance Channel, offers 15 Los Angeles dropouts — 17- and 18-year-olds whose educational trajectories were sidelined by pregnancy, bullying and neglect — a chance to start over by gleaning information, and not a little inspiration, from superstars.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — A jury of six women will decide whether George Zimmerman was acting in self-defense when he fatally shot Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager, in an altercation at a townhouse community here in February last year. Mr. Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the case, which set off national protests and cries of injustice because he was not initially arrested after claiming self-defense.The jurors, none of them black, include a Hispanic woman with eight children, an animal rescuer who once had a concealed-weapons permit, and a woman who said she had used Mr.
3	 TSURU, Japan — As the world's fastest train raced through central Japan, former Gov . George E. Pataki of New York hoisted his 6- foot-5 frame into the aisle and marveled at the smoothness of the ride. In the subway I'd need a strap, at least,  Mr. Pataki said as the speedometer hit 315 miles an hour . He hunched over to catch a fleeting glimpse of Mount Fuji through the portholelike windows.  This is amazing. The future. The future for Japan, perhaps. For the United States, the future is less clear. Mr.
2	 There was a moment when women seemed to have usurped prime-time comedy . So many network sitcoms over the past few years were for women, by women and about women — and sometimes about the creators themselves. Mindy Kaling plays a version of herself as a single doctor in  The Mindy Project.
4	  WASHINGTON — The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Representative Robert W. Goodlatte of Virginia, said on Monday that a series of hearings he will schedule in the coming months would examine different pieces of a possible overhaul of the immigration system, including proposals for a pathway to citizenship for 11 million illegal immigrants in the country.On Tuesday the committee will hold the first of those hearings, formally opening what Mr. Goodlatte, a Republican, called a  momentous debate on immigration  in Congress .
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Tiger Woods couldn't get anything close all day except for the one place that mattered at the British Open .His name high on the leaderboard. Woods didn't charge into contention Friday at Muirfield as much as he kept from falling back like so many others. Not only did he go 12 holes without a birdie, he only had two reasonable chances before finally cashing in with a 15- foot putt on the last hole for an even-par.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked President Obama's nominee to lead the Pentagon in a defiant move likely to further strain partisan tensions while preventing the White House, at least temporarily, from assembling its second-term national security team.In a result that broke down almost strictly along party lines, Democratic senators could not muster the support to advance the nomination of Chuck Hagel, a former Republican senator from Nebraska, to a final vote. The vote was 58 to, falling short of the 60 that were needed. Democrats vowed to try again to resuscitate the nomination of Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Stepping into a volatile debate in the technology sector, the Federal Trade Commission on Friday said it would use its subpoena power to begin an investigation of so-called patent trolls, businesses whose primary purpose is to stockpile patents and use them to sue other companies .The action, which the commission's chairwoman recommended in June, is the first step in what is likely to be a lengthy and broad investigation. It could eventually result in antitrust enforcement against some of the companies and could provide momentum for efforts under way in Congress to tighten restrictions on such lawsuits.
1	 If you  like  this article on a site like Facebook, somebody who reads it is more likely to approve of it, even if the reporting and writing are not all that great.But surprisingly, an unfair negative reaction will not spur others to dislike the article. Instead, a thumbs-down view will soon be counteracted by thumbs up from other readers .Those are the implications of new research looking at the behavior of thousands of people reading online comments, scientists reported Friday in the journal Science. A positive nudge, they said, can set off a bandwagon of approval.
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — The ghostly self portraits, taken with a cellphone hours before he opened fire at an Aurora movie theater, show James E. Holmes in the final sprint of his deadly plan, prosecutors believe.In one photo, his pupils lifeless from black contact lenses, Mr. Holmes sticks his tongue out, his dyed orange curls tumbling out of a knit cap. In another, his lips curl into a contorted grin, the muzzle end of a Glock pistol visible next to him. In a third, a large cache of weaponry and body armor is splayed neatly across a red sheet.
2	  Lil Wayne has long been one of hip-hop's loosest cannons, but his narrative changed dramatically in 2010 after his release from Rikers Island jail, where he spent eight months on a weapons charge. For three years at least, sobriety was to be his sidekick. As part of a plea agreement in a separate drug possession case, he consented to regular drug tests .That fate hung over him like a cloud. He spoke about it not as an addict reformed but as someone wrongly separated from his tonic.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A 59-year-old Russian cosmonaut became the world's oldest spacewalker Friday, joining a much younger cosmonaut's son for maintenance work outside the International Space Station .Pavel Vinogradov, a cosmonaut for two decades, claimed the honor as he emerged from the hatch with Roman Romanenko. But he inadvertently added to the booming population of space junk when he lost his grip on an experiment tray that he was retrieving toward the end of the 6½-hour spacewalk.The lost aluminum panel — 18 inches by 12 inches and about 6½ pounds — contained metal samples.
4	  LOS ANGELES — One was a troubled 23-year-old, with an assault rifle and an apparent grudge against the government, who witnesses said seemed to be hunting for airport security officials . The other was a 39-year-old father of two who for three years had been a screener of the torrent of passengers who move through the security lines at Los Angeles International Airport .In a few chaotic minutes on Friday morning, their paths crossed by happenstance, and the security agent, Gerardo I. Hernandez, lay dead. Paul A.
3	  DETROIT — A federal safety investigation of the Tesla Motors electric Model S sedan announced on Tuesday comes at a critical juncture for the car and the company .For the first time, regulators are examining whether the design of the high-end vehicle and its advanced lithium-ion battery pack are defective and the cause of two battery fires.After garnering high praise for its styling, performance and eco-friendly electric power, the Model S will be the subject of scrutiny by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Tesla's chief executive, Elon Musk, said the company welcomed the inquiry.
3	 FRANKFURT — The newly named chief executive of Siemens has promised to restore stability to the company that symbolizes German engineering and electronics prowess. But he also issued a warning that could bode ill for the euro zone economy : Don't count on China .Only hours after his predecessor was toppled because of operational problems and declining profit at the German industrial giant, Joe Kaeser, a Siemens insider promoted to the top job on Wednesday, warned that China could take longer than expected to resume its rapid growth .
2	 SECAUCUS, N.J. — The quest for the lost Benjamin Britten score — an orchestration of Chopin piano music he made in 1941 for the ballet  Les Sylphides  — had moved to a warehouse here.The searchers combed through the cavernous building, where American Ballet Theater's sets and boxed-up tutus hibernate between productions . A gryphon-headed boat from  The Sleeping Beauty  was rolled aside, revealing some old steamer trunks labeled  Agnes de Mille  and, perhaps less intriguingly, the minutes of long-concluded board meetings.
4	  PORTLAND, Ore. — Rocky King, the executive director of Oregon's new health insurance exchange, has done everything in his power to tamp down expectations for its opening on Tuesday.He rejected the idea of a flashy downtown news conference that morning. He postponed a series of ads meant to drive customers to its Web site, coveroregon.com. In fact, Mr. King is not even allowing people to sign up for health coverage online without assistance at first; they will have to go through an insurance agent or a community group until at least mid-October .
2	 On a recent cold and rainy afternoon, Pretty Yende sat on a couch in the press room of the Metropolitan Opera House, retracing the path that took her from a childhood in South Africa to her acclaimed Met debut last month. On Jan. 17 she received a raucous standing ovation from the audience after singing Adèle in Rossini's   Comte Ory  opposite the star tenor Juan Diego Flórez. Now, dressed in leggings and boots and wearing rimless, flexible glasses that resisted her frequent attempts to fix them in place, Ms.
0	 RALEIGH, N.C. — Ryan Johansen and Jack Skille scored:28 apart late in the third period to rally the Columbus Blue Jackets to a 4-3 win over Carolina Hurricanes on Monday night .Jeff Skinner scored two goals and Alexander Semin gave Carolina the lead midway through the third period before Columbus came back to win. Columbus also got goals from Artem Anisimov and Corey Tropp as the Blue Jackets beat Carolina for the sixth straight time.Mike McKenna, playing his fourth game with the Blue Jackets, finished with 30 saves and earned his first win of the season.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Only once, in the sixth inning, did Michael Wacha of the St . Louis Cardinals act like a giddy 22-year-old rookie pitching in his first postseason. And it happened in the tensest moment of Game 2 of the National League Championship Series .The Cardinals led the Los Angeles Dodgers and their ace, Clayton Kershaw, by 1-0 on Saturday when Manager Mike Matheny ordered Wacha to intentionally walk Adrian Gonzalez to load the bases with one out, a move that usually precedes the entrance of a reliever.
4	  WASHINGTON — In a homecoming tinged with nostalgia and an unspoken sense of farewell, President Obama on Monday welcomed his oldest living predecessor, George Bush, to the White House, where the two men, separated by nearly four decades but united in their fervor for volunteer service, presented an award to a retired Iowa couple.Appearing together in the East Room, Mr. Obama and Mr. Bush, who is, bestowed the,000th  Daily Point of Light  award — named after Mr.
0	  ST . LOUIS — During a team workout Thursday afternoon at Busch Stadium, Mark McGwire, the Los Angeles Dodgers' hitting coach, stood near the batting cage surrounded by reporters eager to gauge his feelings about his return here to face the Cardinals in the National League Championship Series, which begins Friday night .McGwire spent four and a half seasons with the Cardinals, hit 220 home runs and broke Roger Maris's single-season home run record in, when he hit.
3	  BRUSSELS — President Barack Obama and the top trade official for the European Union sought to rally support Tuesday for a landmark trans-Atlantic free trade deal, saying it would benefit a wide variety of exporters and offer a significant boost to growth . Karel De Gucht, the E.U. trade commissioner, said one of the biggest beneficiaries of a trade deal with the United States would be automobile manufacturers like BMW that have long rankled at tariffs.Mr. De Gucht was shoring up support for a mandate to negotiate on behalf of E.U.
4	 AVA, Mo. — Rick Fausett bobbed onto the deck of the campground pool, clutching a Busch Light with one hand and waving the other like a wand. He wore nothing but flip-flops and a top hat decorated with long pheasant feathers and fabric-spun magenta poinsettias. Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up,  he said, repeating a line from the 1950 movie  Sunset Boulevard.
3	 I'VE been involved in the television industry for 30 years, and I've had to travel almost all of that time. In my last job, I traveled about 45 weeks out of the year, and was sometimes gone for three or four days.I think there are three phases to business travel. During the first phase, you love it. I would get excited about every trip, even if it was to some small city that wasn't all that glamorous. In the next phase, you hate it. I was in this phase for quite a while.
3	 A big problem with the euro zone's one-size-fits-all monetary policy is that it risks fitting nobody. That, indeed, was a central cause of the crisis .Early in the century, countries like Spain and Ireland were booming, while Germany was in the doldrums. Setting interest rates at a level that worked well for the euro zone on average had the effect of inflating the Spanish and Irish property bubbles while pushing wages up, so their economies became uncompetitive. When the bubbles burst, the damage was devastating.It would be hard to argue that any part of the euro zone is currently booming.
3	  Connecticut on Monday became the first state to pass a bill that would require food manufacturers to label products that contain genetically modified ingredients — but only after other conditions are met. Gov . Dannel P. Malloy has said he would sign the bill into law, after reaching an agreement with the legislature to include a provision that the law would not take effect unless four other states, at least one of which shares a border with Connecticut, passed similar regulations.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — The military judge overseeing the prosecution of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and four other detainees accused of aiding the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks ordered the government on Thursday to disconnect the technology that allows offstage censors — apparently including the Central Intelligence Agency — to block a public feed of the courtroom proceedings at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.The order by the judge, Col. James L. Pohl of the Army, followed an interruption on Monday of a feed from the military tribunal courtroom during a hearing on a pretrial motion.
0	  SAN ANTONIO — A signature moment in the San Antonio Spurs ' sweep of Memphis in the Western Conference finals came when Tim Duncan, 37, the archetype of methodical basketball even in his more vivacious days, beat all five Grizzlies down the court to haul in a long pass for an easy basket.The play exemplified San Antonio's longstanding opportunism and attention to detail, but it also provided a window into the way the Spurs returned to the N.B.A. finals after a six-year absence.
3	 PAUILLAC, France — As they have every April for decades, wine merchants from around the world donned their tweed jackets, tucked in their pocket squares and descended on Bordeaux this week to assess the latest vintage. In visits to revered chateaus in localities like Pomerol, Margaux and Saint-Estèphe, they swirled, sniffed, spat and scored the 2012 Bordeaux.But this year one of the biggest names, Château Latour, will not be available when the other 2012 wines go on sale in the coming weeks .
1	 For the first time, scientists report, they have found bacteria living in the cold and dark deep under the Antarctic ice, a discovery that might advance knowledge of how life could survive on other planets or moons and that offers the first glimpse of a vast ecosystem of microscopic life in underground lakes in Antarctica.A network of hundreds of lakes lies sandwiched between the continent's land and the ice that covers it, and scientists had thought that it could harbor life. The discovery is the first confirmation. It transforms the way we view the Antarctic continent,  said John C.
2	 Tim Jenison has always thought of himself as an inventor, the kind of person who keeps a running list of practical puzzles for when he can devote spare brain cells to solving them. When I discover that someone else has already done it, it's a huge relief, because I can take it off that to-do list,  Mr. Jenison, a successful San Antonio entrepreneur whose innovations usually take the form of video equipment, said recently. But ideas pop up at the weirdest time,  he added.
3	 LONDON — Cuadrilla Resources, a private equity -backed British oil and gas company, continues to try to find a way to produce shale gas in its home country.On Friday, the company said it was applying for a permit to hydraulically fracture an exploration well that it has drilled at Grange Hill in Lancashire in northwest England . The company hopes to be able to test the well next year. The company also said it planned to ask for permission to drill and fracture six new wells in the region.
4	  WASHINGTON — As Justice Department officials began the process Monday to charge Edward J. Snowden, a 29-year-old former C.I.A. computer technician, with disclosing classified information, he checked out of a hotel in Hong Kong where he had been holed up for several weeks, according to two American officials . It was not clear where he went.Whether Mr. Snowden remained in Hong Kong or fled to another country — like Iceland, where he has said he may seek asylum — the charges would strengthen the Justice Department's hand if it tries to extradite him to the United States .
3	 PARIS — Even the third time may not be the charm for Ryanair 's attempt to take over Ireland's flag carrier Aer Lingus .Ryanair, based in Dublin and Europe's largest budget airline by number of passenger, said it had been informed at a meeting Tuesday with officials of the European Commission that Brussels  intends to prohibit  the airline's nearly €700 million, or $942 million, bid for Aer Lingus . The company said its proposed concessions and remedies did not go far enough to allay antitrust concerns.
0	  MANCHESTER, England — Free from the weight of expectation that Manchester United's number seven shirt brings, Antonio Valencia produced a cracking goal this week which has prompted his manager David Moyes to call for several more.The Ecuador winger took over the shirt number worn by the likes of United greats George Best, Bryan Robson, Eric Cantona, Cristiano Ronaldo and David Beckham after he was named the club's player of the year in.
2	 That would be Mr. DiCaprio and Ms. Mulligan to the rest of us, but here the stars are delivered to the patient — the several thousand media worker bees, but also the fans camped out for hours near the red carpet — like exotic flowers that are tantalizingly in reach yet also inaccessible.  That's Leo's hand,  I heard a woman say of a photograph she had just taken after the Wednesday news conference for   The Great Gatsby,  holding her digital relic with the veneration of the devout.
4	 GRAPEVINE, Tex. (AP) — A Florida prisoner who escaped in Texas after stabbing a detective with his eyeglasses was shot and killed by law enforcement officers early Saturday after police officers responded to a report of a home burglary near Dallas, the authorities said.The escaped prisoner, Alberto Morales, was shot shortly after midnight when officers, with assistance from a police helicopter, spotted him in a wooded area near a lake in North Texas, said Sgt. Robert Eberling of the Grapevine Police Department .Sergeant Eberling said police officers and federal marshals were trying to apprehend Mr.
4	  Senator Charles E . Schumer, Democrat of New York, used a speech to Iowa Democrats on Saturday night to endorse Hillary Rodham Clinton for president, another indication of how quickly the party is coalescing behind the former secretary of state .Speaking in the state that helped lift President Obama's campaign and dashed Mrs. Clinton's hopes in the 2008 caucuses, Mr. Schumer said the time was right that year for Mr. Obama . 2016 is Hillary's time,  Mr. Schumer declared at the Iowa Democratic Party's Jefferson Jackson Dinner.  And our nation will be all the better for it.
1	 A man in Wisconsin viewed it as a technical challenge. Another, in New Hampshire, was looking to save some money . And in Texas, a third wanted to make a political point.The three may have had different motivations but their results were the same: each built a working gun that included a part made in plastic with a 3-D printer.What they did was legal and, except for the technology and material used, not much different from what do-it-yourself gunsmiths have been doing for decades. But in the wake of the shootings in Newtown, Conn.
3	 OFF THE COAST OF FUKUSHIMA, Japan — Twelve miles out to sea from the severely damaged and leaking nuclear reactors at Fukushima, a giant floating wind turbine signals the start of Japan 's most ambitious bet yet on clean energy .When this 350- foot-tall windmill is switched on next month, it will generate enough electricity to power,700 homes. Unremarkable, perhaps, but consider the goal of this offshore project: to generate over 1 gigawatt of electricity from 140 wind turbines by. That is equivalent to the power generated by a nuclear reactor .
0	 GREER, S.C. — Former South Carolina player Mark Anderson won the BMW Charity Pro-Am on Sunday for his first Web .com Tour title, closing with a 6-under 65 at the Thornblade Club for a five- stroke victory .The 27-year-old Anderson had a tournament-record 27-under 259 total, the third- lowest score in relation to par in tour history. He opened with a 63 at The Reserve at Lake Keowee, added a 67 at Greenville Country Club and took a one-stroke lead Saturday with a 64 at Thornblade.Anderson earned,000 to jump from 133rd to ninth on the money list with,535.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The spacewalking astronaut who came close to drowning in a flooded helmet searched for clues in his spacesuit Wednesday, in hopes of understanding the unprecedented water leak.Engineers in Houston, meanwhile, conducted their own investigation into what should have been a routine, yet still risky, maintenance job outside the International Space Station .But a day after one of NASA's most harrowing spacewalks in decades, answers eluded the experts. There still is no smoking gun or definite cause of what happened or why that water ended up  inside Luca Parmitano's spacesuit, said NASA spokesman Kelly Humphries.
2	 In his latest movie, a noir thriller called  Everybody Has a Plan,  Viggo Mortensen plays twin brothers, one a doctor in a midlife crisis, the other a ne'er-do-well mixed up in all kinds of shady business . In her newest offering,  In the House,  Kristin Scott Thomas is cast as an art gallery director whose marriage starts to teeter when her husband, a high school literature teacher, takes an undue interest in a pupil.Mr.
1	 NEW YORK (AP) — Scientists have identified a hormone that can sharply boost the number of cells that make insulin in mice, a discovery that may someday lead to a treatment for the most common type of diabetes.People have their own version of this hormone, and the new work suggests that giving diabetics more might one day help them avoid insulin shots.That would give them better control of their blood sugar levels, said Harvard University researcher Douglas Melton, senior author of a report published Thursday by the journal Cell.
3	  BRUSSELS — Allegations that the European Union official leading trade talks with the United States evaded taxes in Belgium cast a shadow on Friday over the pending negotiations, which are aimed at reaching a pact to lower tariffs and harmonize regulation .A spokeswoman for the European Commission, the bloc's executive arm, suggested that the official, Karel De Gucht, the E.U. trade commissioner, could stay in his job, which is one of the most important positions in the union, until a court reaches a decision in the case .
0	  CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — Durham police have charged North Carolina leading scorer P.J. Hairston with marijuana possession following a traffic stop.In an email Thursday, Durham Police Department spokeswoman Kammie Michael said officers stopped Hairston at a license checkpoint Wednesday night . Police also arrested two passengers — Miykael Lael Israel Faulcon and Carlos Devone Sanford, both of Durham — and charged all three men with possessing a half-ounce of marijuana or less.They were released on,000 unsecured bonds .Michael said Hairston, 20, was also charged with driving without a license, though that charge isn't mentioned in his arrest report.
2	  Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, an independent rap duo from Seattle that became one of the biggest hit makers of the year, opened the Grammy Awards' nominations special on CBS on Friday night with a performance of their hit   Thrift Shop,  and then went on to dominate the nominations themselves.The duo are up for seven prizes at the 56th annual awards, with nods in three of the top four categories: album of the year (for  The Heist, song of the year ( Same Love ) and best new artist.
0	 CORNELIA, Ga. — Just before noon, Sara Wright unlocked the small store on the first floor of a fatigued two- story building and flipped the sign to  Open  from  Closed.  On went two fans in place of the broken air-conditioning . A small ringer was positioned on a glass counter atop a handwritten notice that read,  Please shake the bells. I am in the back. For the next five hours, Wright enjoyed the inanimate companionship provided by the beloved baseball merchandise at her Cornelia Sports Card Shop .
2	  Chants,  due out on ECM on Tuesday, is the extraordinary new record by Craig Taborn, a pianist of cryptic insights and galactic interests. It's an acoustic piano trio album, with Thomas Morgan on bass and Gerald Cleaver on drums, and at times it can evoke other abstract rhapsodists in that format, like Paul Bley. But  Chants  is also a product of alert indeterminacy: it lands on a recognizable style the way a dragonfly alights on a reed.
3	 The economy may be struggling to recover, but by one closely watched measure the fear that not long ago paralyzed the markets has lifted.The oldest and most popular gauge of the stock market on Tuesday surged past the nominal high it last reached more than five years ago, before the financial crisis hit with full force.In the past, such a recovery would have led to celebrations on Wall Street and spread optimism about the economy .
1	 So begins a letter written on March, 1953, by Francis Crick to his 12-year-old son, Michael.The letter, to be auctioned at Christie's on April, with a value the auction house estimates at $1 million to $2 million, is an unusual combination of the historic and the quotidian.Signed  Lots of love, Daddy,  it spells out each syllable of DNA's full chemical name,  des-oxy-ribose-nucleic-acid,  with the admonition to  read it carefully.
2	 When Gemma Bond was 14 and training at the Royal Ballet School in London she entered a choreographic competition.  It seems really silly now,  she said with the sort of half-embarrassed laughter that frequently trickles into her speech.  But I thought: 'Well, I should have a go. Everyone else is trying.'   Her ballet, she added, wasn't experimental in the least.  I just wanted it to be pretty. To her amazement she won third place and her ballet, a pas de trois, was shown as part of the school's performance that year.
3	 I GREW up in a small town, just northeast of Scranton, Pa. In the past 20 or so years, I've worked in buildings that had more people in them than my hometown. To say I don't like business travel would be a lie. It's a rush to fly someplace, and stay in a decent hotel . I'm like a child about it.I don't even get upset about delays and cancellations. I'm not that guy who is going to make a fuss. My trip isn't any more important than someone else's trip. So I just take it as it comes.
3	  ECONOMIC REPORTS Data to be released include housing starts for February (Tuesday) and weekly jobless claims, existing home sales for February, the Philadelphia Fed index for March and leading economic indicators for February (Thursday. CORPORATE EARNINGS Companies scheduled to release quarterly earnings statements include Adobe Systems (Tuesday; FedEx, General Mills, Lennar and Oracle (Wednesday; ConAgra Foods and Nike (Thursday; and Darden Restaurants and Tiffany (Friday.IN THE UNITED STATES On Monday, a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will conduct a hearing about senior citizens and entitlements .
3	 The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was.07 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was.09 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was.01 percent.The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week:ONE DAY DURING THE WEEKNew York Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, $66.3 million of general revenue variable rate refinancing bonds . Barclays Capital .
3	  HONG KONG — The state -backed China Shipbuilding Industry plans to raise as much as.48 billion renminbi through a private share sale to buy assets used for building warships, the first time Beijing is tapping the capital market to fund its military expansion.The.4 billion move comes as China creates its own military - industrial complex, with the private sector seen taking a main role as the country gains a new sense of military assertiveness and deals with a growing budget to develop modern equipment including aircraft carriers and drones.
0	 GREENBURGH, N.Y. — The Knicks practiced into the night Monday, went through an air travel security checkpoint at their practice facility, then jetted for London, their franchise cornerstone, Carmelo Anthony, all but spirited out of the country under a mysterious veil.The Knicks will play the Detroit Pistons on Thursday in London in what will presumably be the first regular-season game in a couple of weeks in which Anthony will take the court feeling fully nourished. And because the game is being played overseas, there is little or no chance that the Knicks' enigmatic owner, James L.
2	 Three different cultural streams of the early 20th century flow into  The Late Mathias Pascal,  a 1926 French film that has now been given an excellent Blu-ray presentation by the independent distributor Flicker Alley.The director, Marcel L'Herbier, was a prominent figure in the French cinema's first avant-garde .
4	  WASHINGTON — Federal law enforcement officers on Wednesday searched the Washington home of a chief of staff for Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, for child pornography .In a written statement, Mr. Alexander said that Ryan Loskarn, 35, had been placed on administrative leave without pay. The senator also said that he had named David Cleary, a longtime aide who has served as his legislative director since, as chief of staff in Washington . The courts will judge Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Energy Department is moving toward abandoning a half-built factory that has cost.7 billion so far and was intended to make reactor fuel out of plutonium from retired nuclear bombs — part of an agreement with Russia to shrink the world's supply of nuclear bomb fuel after the cold war .The department's estimate of the cost to complete the plant, at the Savannah River Site near Aiken, S.C., has jumped to.7 billion from.9 billion. The Obama administration is seeking to reduce the construction budget for the fiscal year that begins on Oct.
2	 Like any artistic endeavor, Festival TBD: Emergency Glitter, presented last weekend at Abrons Arts Center, had its high and low points. But this brief yet packed event created by the intrepid Ben Pryor came at the right time to show how a generation of choreographers is embracing pop culture and pushing dance beyond its conventions.
4	  BOSTON — As the trial of the crime boss James (Whitey) Bulger continues in federal court here, a rash of violence visited his home neighborhood on Tuesday. It was a rare reminder of the terror that gripped the streets of South Boston during Mr. Bulger's reign in the 1970s and '80s — although this time the neighborhood found itself petrified not by the calculated nature of many of Mr. Bulger's alleged crimes, but by a fear of the apparent randomness of the violence .The authorities say that a 24-year-old woman, Amy E.
2	 These days, as more people watch television with a phone in hand or a computer in lap, it's de rigueur for a network to have a Twitter hashtag on the screen. Television producers and stars — at least the ones with thick skins — appreciate the instant feedback, and now they're figuring out ways to incorporate it into their shows, thereby completing the feedback loop.Witness   American Idol,  which on Wednesday will start to use Twitter to take instant polls of the audience.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — After the daylight assassination of his deputy two months ago, Mike McLelland, the district attorney in largely rural Kaufman County, responded with a flash of angry bravado, denigrating the perpetrators as  scum  and vowing to hunt them down.A former Army officer who served in Iraq during Operation Desert Storm, Mr. McLelland carried a gun and refused to be intimidated, according to a friend and the local news media, even as his wife expressed unease, worrying that her husband, too, could be in danger.
4	  ATLANTA — President Obama 's plan to expand preschool for the nation's children faces deep skepticism among Republicans, who fear the creation of another federal entitlement program that they say could add to the nation's deficit and swell the ranks of the teachers' unions .In a rally with teachers after visiting a class of 4-year-olds on Thursday, Mr. Obama reiterated his State of the Union pledge to make high-quality preschool available to all children, which could cost as much as $10 billion a year, or nearly a tenth of the entire federal education budget.
1	  WASHINGTON — Forget elephants. Dolphins can swim circles around them when it comes to long-term memory.Scientists in a new study repeatedly found that dolphins can remember the distinctive whistle — which acts as a name to the marine mammal — of another dolphin they haven't seen in two decades.Bailey the dolphin hadn't seen another dolphin named Allie since the two juveniles lived together at the Dolphin Connection in the Florida Keys . Allie ended up in a Chicago area zoo, while Bailey got moved to Bermuda.
0	  STANFORD, Calif. — When Tara VanDerveer's mother showed up for a surprise visit, the Hall of Fame coach knew something might be happening at Stanford in her honor.Just more than two weeks later, VanDerveer finally got her special moment in front of the appreciative fans at Maples Pavilion.Chiney Ogwumike had 19 points and seven rebounds and No. 6 Stanford celebrated VanDerveer's 900th victory back at home, beating 23rd-ranked Gonzaga 73-45 on Saturday.Ogwumike shot 8 for 16 and in the first game at Maples Pavilion since VanDerveer won her 900th game against Florida Gulf Coast on Nov.
1	  WASHINGTON — The number of large-scale projects to capture and bury carbon dioxide has fallen to 65 from 75 over the last year, a worldwide survey has found, despite a consensus among scientists and engineers that such projects are essential to meet international goals for slowing the buildup of climate-changing gases .The survey was released on Thursday in Seoul, South Korea, by the Global CCS Institute, which is based in Canberra, Australia. Since a survey a year ago, five projects have been canceled, one reduced in size and seven postponed, while three have been added, the report said.
0	 (Reuters) - New Orleans Saints head coach Sean Payton made a winning return while the New England Patriots and Seattle Seahawks survived Week One scares as the National Football League delivered a lineup of Sunday thrillers.Payton, back on the sidelines after serving a season-long suspension for his role in the pay-for-pain 'Bountygate' scandal, reunited with quarterback Drew Brees, who connected on 26-of-35 pass attempts for 357 yards and a pair of touchdowns, as the Saints held on to clip division rivals the Atlanta Falcons .
4	  WASHINGTON — When President Obama mentioned last week that he had picked up a new hobby — skeet shooting at Camp David — it was a surprising disclosure by a president whose main identification with guns these days is his effort to ban assault rifles and high-capacity magazines .To some, Mr. Obama's newfound enthusiasm for shooting clay pigeons — he said in an interview that he did it  all the time  at the presidential retreat — also seemed a bit suspicious.So on Saturday, the White House tried to silence the skeptics by releasing a photograph of Mr.
2	 These are country music's postmilitarization years. A decade ago, there were songs about strong soldiers and a just war, weeping soldiers and unimpeachable ideology — the genre latched onto the political moment and held fast like a remora.But we're in a drawdown phase now, and regret hangs palpably in the air. What's arriving are dissenters : those who tear back the mask of the rural experience, those who are comfortable seeing kinship with outsiders, those who wish only to drink away all the pain and forget.In a sense, they're all just following Brad Paisley. From a distance, Mr.
4	 ANNAPOLIS, Md. — When Lisa P. Jackson announced at the end of last year that she was stepping down as the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, President Obama faced a choice. He could play it safe by appointing her deputy or he could confront Congress head-on and signal a strong commitment to tackling climate change by appointing the agency's head of air quality, Gina McCarthy . Why would you want me?  Ms. McCarthy said she asked the president when he offered her the top job.
0	 The resounding question in women's golf echoes every time Lydia Ko wins: When will she turn pro ?And the answer is: The only person who knows is Ko.The South Korean -born New Zealander who successfully defended her title at the L.P.G.A.'s recent CN Canadian Women's Open, will compete this week in France at The Evian Championship .While the world's top women professionals are focused on winning the season's final major championship — an event that matches the same.25 million purse offered by the U.S. Women's Open — Ko, 16, cannot be dismissed as a contender. She has played in 10 L.P.G.A.
1	  I hate paying taxes, but wouldn't mind paying more if the money went to fund science and research like this,  wrote a reader from Connecticut, commenting on an article about the discovery of a pocket-size early primate that lived 55 million years ago in what is now China .It was the date and location of the primate's skeleton that tantalized: Scientists marveled at the age of the fossil, the earliest well-preserved specimen so far, and the fact that it was found in Asia . Science news is the best,  someone else said.
1	  WASHINGTON — Two years after the Fukushima nuclear accident in northern Japan, the United States government is using lessons from that disaster to rewrite its plans for responding to radiation contamination, focusing on long-term cleanup instead of emergency response . But the proposals have set off vehement opposition from critics of nuclear power .On Monday, the Environmental Protection Agency expects to publish in the Federal Register a draft document that would change its long-standing advice to state and local governments about how to limit long-term exposure to radiation after a reactor accident or a  dirty bomb  attack .
2	 For more than three decades, the pianist Charles Wadsworth was chamber music's Johnny Carson . In his role as the avuncular M.C. and director of the chamber music series at the Spoleto Festival USA in Charleston, S.C., Mr. Wadsworth introduced music from the stage with witty anecdotes. His low-key folksiness and Georgia drawl made him a beloved figure for audiences not only in Charleston but also in New York, where he directed the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center for 20 years.So in, when Mr. Wadsworth retired from Spoleto, the violinist Geoff Nuttall stepped into big shoes as his anointed successor.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — The first round of jury selection in the murder trial of George Zimmerman began Monday, as lawyers from both sides sought to gauge prospective jurors' exposure to the widespread coverage of the case and their sensitivity to the racial furor it unleashed.Selecting a jury may prove to be the longest part of the trial for Mr. Zimmerman, 29, the neighborhood watch volunteer who has claimed self-defense in shooting and killing an unarmed black teenager, Trayvon Martin, in a gated community here more than 16 months ago .
4	 In the last two installments of the Your Money column, I answered questions about the new health insurance exchanges . The first column discussed many of the basics, and the second column answered reader questions. You can find more readers' questions and answers on In Practice, with the latest series below. If you're still not sure how the law affects you and your family, please e-mail me your questions: tsbernard@nytimes.com.Q. My husband and I are self-employed and file our taxes jointly.  We will qualify for subsidies .
2	 Although visually spectacular, the rambunctiousness of hip-hop dance can make it hard to transfer it from the street or dance club, where it can appear unfettered, to the formality of the stage, where its energy must be contained within bounds. One internationally successful attempt to theatricalize hip-hop is Compagnie Käfig, a French-based troupe of Brazilian dancers that's bringing two productions for an all-male cast to the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival .Each piece gains artistic shape by being focused on an overriding theme.
4	 WHITE SETTLEMENT, Tex. — People still gather nightly at the Buddhist temple here, slipping off their shoes and kneeling on the floor of what was once someone's living room . Their chanting voices slip out the screen door into the muggy Texas night, like the misty sprays of water that keep the patio cool outside.But there were frequent visitors and interruptions this week: reporters and photographers and F.B.I. agents, some of whom sat in their suits beneath the patio mist interviewing temple members.
1	  MIAMI — Like a macabre marine mystery, the carcasses — many badly deteriorated and tossing about in the surf — first turned up along the coast of New Jersey in June. Soon, droves of them washed up in Virginia, the Carolinas, Georgia and most recently Florida, their winter home.So far this year, nearly,000 bottlenose dolphins — eight times the historical average — have washed up dead along the Eastern Seaboard from New York to Florida, a vast majority of them victims of morbillivirus. Many more are expected to die from the disease in the coming months .
2	 Just as the Christmas season in New York belongs to Handel, with  Messiah,  the Easter season belongs to Bach. Among other things — this year The Bach Variations, the current festival of the New York Philharmonic — you can generally count on hearing the two big Passions in some inscrutably shifting balance.Last year the   St . John Passion  predominated. This year the   St . Matthew  took over, after an early   St . John  by Dennis Keene and the Voices of Ascension on Feb. 28. Mr.
4	  CHICAGO — Mayor Rahm Emanuel on Wednesday proposed a spending plan for his city next year that is full of nips and tucks: a 75-cent per pack increase in the cigarette tax, higher zoning permit fees for big developments, an end to some retirees' health insurance subsidies and a rolling hiring freeze. Left alone, for now, were more controversial taxes, on property, sales and gasoline .But looming beyond Mr. Emanuel's somewhat unsurprising.97 billion budget for 2014 are circumstances far more ominous: a pension system that is short by.
4	  LOS ANGELES — Kevin L. James, a conservative talk show host running for mayor of Los Angeles, was sitting in his campaign office recently pondering which was his bigger obstacle to victory: being openly Republican, or being openly gay . Depending on what room you're in here, sometimes it's easier coming out gay to Republicans than it is coming out Republican to gays,  he said.By any measure, Mr. James, 49, is a bit of a long shot.
4	  CHARLESTON, W.Va. — Although Democrats have owned West Virginia's two Senate seats since the Eisenhower administration, Republicans are eyeing this state as one of their best bets as they seek to win a Senate majority next year.An accelerating rightward tilt here was reflected recently in an awkward two-step by the Democratic nominee for an open seat, Natalie Tennant, as she distanced herself from the White House after a fund-raising trip to New York.In a Sheraton ballroom, Ms.
3	 A public service advertising campaign that seeks to help in the fight against kidney disease is using new technologies not only to lower production costs but also to gain attention.The campaign, now under way, was created for the National Kidney Foundation in New York by a company, also in New York, named Public Domain, which is a kind of hybrid advertising agency and a production company .The campaign was produced almost entirely through desktop and laptop computers, Web connections and Skype, the Internet calling service.
2	 At least, it was easy to believe that was the case when news came out in 2011 that he'd developed a granuloma near his vocal cords, treatment for which effectively rendered him mute. For months, he couldn't make a peep.In the years before that, Mr. Mayer had peeped plenty: kissing and sort of telling about his high-profile love life to TMZ; letting loose with a racial slur in a Playboy interview. Microphones seemed to call to Mr. Mayer, reach down his throat and disinter all manner of frisky, eyebrow-raising statements.Except on his albums, that is. As a musician, Mr.
3	 FRANKFURT — The president of the European Central Bank on Thursday cited the rising value of the euro as a possible threat to the region's economic recovery, comments that immediately sent the euro down sharply against the dollar and yen . Mario Draghi, the E.C.B. president, denied that the central bank was trying to influence the value of the euro, no doubt mindful of provoking a currency war with Japan or the United States . But he then made statements that investors interpreted as meaning the E.C.B. could take action if the euro rose too much.
4	 Fight Over Political Donations : The Securities and Exchange Commission has been flooded with calls to require publicly traded corporations to disclose to shareholders all of their political donations .A loose coalition of Democratic elected officials, shareholder activists and pension funds has flooded the Securities and Exchange Commission with calls to require publicly traded corporations to disclose to shareholders all of their political donations, a move that could transform the growing world of secret campaign spending .S.E.C.
1	 New Orleans — In the quest to find true love, is filling out a questionnaire on a Web site any more scientific than praying to St . Valentine?Yes, according to psychologists at eHarmony, an online company that claims its computerized algorithms will help match you with a  soul mate.  But this claim was criticized in a psychology journal last year by a team of academic researchers, who concluded that  no compelling evidence supports matching sites' claims that mathematical algorithms work. In response, eHarmony's senior research scientist, Gian C. Gonzaga, went into the academic lions' den known as S.P.S.P.
3	  WASHINGTON — Those surreptitious charges for flirting tips, yoga lessons and psychic services, long a problem on landlines, have become a costly nuisance for mobile phone users — and a new focus for regulators .In the last two years, regulators have found that hundreds of thousands of mobile phone users have been charged for  premium text  services that they did not authorize, a practice known as bill cramming.The crackdown has begun.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The two couples who sued to overturn California's ban on same-sex marriage were married late Friday afternoon, just hours after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, lifted the stay that had been in place.The court had stopped same-sex marriages while the case wound its way through the Supreme Court, which issued its decision to clear the path for same-sex marriages in California on Wednesday.
4	 Inside Bright Hope Baptist Church, the luminaries of Philadelphia's black political world gathered for the funeral of former Representative William H. Gray III in July. Dozens of politicians — city, state and federal — packed the pews as former President Bill Clinton offered a stirring eulogy, quoting Scripture and proudly telling the crowd that he was once described as  the only white man in America who knew all the verses to 'Lift Every Voice and Sing.'  But it was the presence and behavior of Hillary Rodham Clinton that most intrigued former Gov . Edward G.
2	 The Beach Boys have won an eight-year legal battle over a collection of their memorabilia, including more than 50 handwritten scores for hits like  Good Vibrations  and  Surfin' U.S.A.  But it is a partial victory, as binding arbitration has forced the band to agree to sell the memorabilia and split the money with other investors, lawyers and corporate entities who say they have a legal claim to it, court records show .The memorabilia was put up for sale at a London auction house, the Fame Bureau, this month in a sealed-bid auction that ends on May.
4	  WASHINGTON — Stuart Stevens, the top strategist for Mitt Romney's presidential campaign, declared to an audience of reporters at a breakfast last month that electing Hillary Rodham Clinton would be like going back in time.  She's been around since the '70s,  he said.At a conservative conference earlier in the year, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, ridiculed the 2016 Democratic field as  a rerun of 'The Golden Girls,'   referring to Mrs. Clinton and Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr ., who is.And Gov .
3	  American Airlines won bankruptcy court approval on Wednesday to combine with US Airways and form the world's biggest airline. The merger is an excellent result. I don't think anybody disputes that,  Judge Sean H. Lane said in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan before issuing his decision.But the judge declined to sign off on a proposed $20 million severance package for Thomas W. Horton, currently the chief executive of American's parent company, the AMR Corporation.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA has ordered up a series of urgent spacewalks to fix a broken cooling line at the International Space Station, a massive repair job that could stretch to Christmas Day.Station managers decided Tuesday to send two American astronauts out as soon as possible to replace a pump with a bad valve. The task will require two and possibly three spacewalks on Saturday, Monday and next Wednesday — Christmas Day.
3	 LONDON — Royal Dutch Shell, the largest oil company in Europe, has signed a contract to drill for natural gas in Ukraine. The company's chief executive, Peter Voser, and the Ukrainian president, Viktor F. Yanukovich, signed a production agreement Thursday for the potentially prolific Yuzivska gas field in the eastern part of the country. The signing took place at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.Winning an active Shell drilling program is a potential boon for Ukraine, which is thought to be one of the best bets in Europe for so-called shale gas and tight gas .
2	 You might not instinctively choose as drinking buddies two women who found fame with the McNuggetini: vanilla vodka shaken with a chocolate milkshake, poured into a martini glass rimmed in barbecue sauce and adorned with a Chicken McNugget. Or,  dinner, dessert and booze in one chalice of multitasking,  proclaims Alie Ward in the video that earned her and Georgia Hardstark a gig as the Cooking Channel's  Classy Ladies. How classy? The 1950s housewife-channeling Los Angelenos met cute outside a dive bar, where Ms.
2	 It has taken Frederick Wiseman 45 years to get from high school to college. The master filmmaker's latest portrait of an institution,  At Berkeley,  centers on the University of California in Berkeley and joins an extraordinary résumé that stretches back to   High School   in 1968 and his controversial debut,  Titicut Follies,  in. In between, Mr. Wiseman has established himself as one of America's greatest chroniclers in any medium. What I'm interested in is making movies about as many different subjects as I can, and as many different forms of human experience,  Mr.
0	 NAPA, Calif. — Rashad Jennings takes every precaution he can to keep his body in top shape necessary for an NFL running back.He eats a gluten-free diet and sticks to organic foods. He stretches every night and has a regular routine of pilates, acupuncture, yoga and massage.And when Jennings' long days of training camp are over instead of settling into a soft bed, he climbs into a hyperbaric oxygen chamber to sleep.Jennings bought the oxygen chamber as a rookie instead of splurging for a car, thinking it would help keep him fresh and prolong his career.
4	  Texas Students on Affirmative Action : Students at the University of Texas at Austin react to the Supreme Court's decision to send the affirmative action case involving their school back to a lower court . WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court 's decision to send a thorny affirmative action case back to the lower courts for additional review left both sides claiming victory on Monday. Civil rights groups that favor race-conscious admissions cheered the ruling, arguing that the court had upheld its 2003 decision in Grutter v. Bollinger.
3	 PARIS — On Bastille Day, when President François Mitterrand inaugurated the Grande Arche, a 40-story postmodern bookend about three miles to the west of the Arc de Triomphe, it seemed its own form of triumph.The ceremony celebrated a decade-long building boom at La Défense, the sprawling array of office buildings long envisioned as Paris's answer to Lower Manhattan or the City of London.But La Défense, begun during the presidency of Charles de Gaulle in the late 1950s and built just west of Paris by bulldozing slums and paving over farmland, has always worked better in architectural theory than in anthropological practice.
4	 SIDNEY, Mont. — One cold morning last year, a math teacher jogging through her hometown in eastern Montana was abducted, strangled and buried in a shallow grave. Charged in her death were two drifters from Colorado, drawn to the region by the allure of easy money in the oil fields .One hundred fifty miles away, in a bustling oil town in North Dakota, a 30-year-old man disappeared one afternoon from the street where he had been putting in water and sewer pipes, leaving behind a lunchbox with his paycheck inside and a family grasping for answers.
3	  LONDON — Britain's central bank on Thursday decided to keep its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a record low of.5 percent as the country's economy continues to improve faster than those on the European continent.The Bank of England also voted to hold its program of economic stimulus at 375 billion pounds, or $614 billion. Loose monetary policy since 2009 and improving confidence among businesses and consumers have helped the British economy to grow.8 percent in the third quarter from the second quarter, more than Germany, France or the euro zone as a whole.  Growth momentum in the U.K.
4	  WASHINGTON — When Edith Windsor and her girlfriend got engaged in, she was too nervous about how to answer the inevitable  Who is he?  queries to wear an engagement ring . So they compromised on a ring-shaped diamond brooch instead.As Ms.
3	 Concerns about the strength of the economy and the potential for a budget fight in Washington pushed the stock market down on Monday. The Dow Jones industrial average fell .71 points, or.32 percent, to,401.38, while the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dropped.07 points, or.47 percent, to,701.84. The Nasdaq composite index declined.44 points, or.25 percent, to,765.29.The Dow jumped 147 points on Wednesday to close at a record after the Federal Reserve decided to keep its huge economic stimulus program intact. But that rally has been wiped out by anxiety over a budget and debt fight in Washington .
4	 CENTENNIAL, Colo. — The judge hearing the case against James E. Holmes, the man accused of killing 12 people and wounding dozens more at an Aurora, Colo., movie theater in July, agreed on Friday to postpone Mr. Holmes's arraignment for two months at the defense's request.The judge, William B. Sylvester of Arapahoe County District Court, had ruled late Thursday that there was enough evidence presented during a three-day preliminary hearing for Mr. Holmes to stand trial on 166 counts of murder, attempted murder and other charges . But he agreed on Friday to postpone the arraignment until March, to give Mr.
2	 MERIDEN, N.H. — The singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Will Sheff founded the indie- rock band Okkervil River in Austin, Tex., in 1998 and now lives in Brooklyn. But memories of his years growing up in this bucolic New England hamlet in the 1980s have never been far from his mind, so when it came time to make a new CD, he decided to return home — in song and in person.The result is  The Silver Gymnasium,  a song cycle about the joys and uncertainties of childhood.
3	 By general consensus, the typical air traveler's experience ranges from mediocre to disagreeable. Even carriers with a reputation for first-class and business-class comfort, such as Singapore Airlines, Emirates, Etihad or Qatar Airways, are seldom praised for their economy -class seat space.Aircraft manufacturers appear to be aware of this problem — but it is the airline managers who dictate interior cabin layout.In selling their new generation of widebodied, long-haul planes, Boeing and Airbus are highlighting cabin improvements such as larger windows, larger overhead baggage bins and mood lighting.
4	  WASHINGTON — For the better part of a decade, Jay Carney sat slumped in his tiny chair in the White House briefing room, parsing, challenging and at times pillorying the words of an array of press secretaries.But over the last week Mr. Carney — the first reporter in a generation to move to the other side of the White House podium — has made his most emphatic and inextricable leap from reporter to reported on.Cornered by a number of controversies — one of which swept in his own words — Mr.
1	 Modern mothers love to debate how long to breast-feed, a topic that stirs both guilt and pride. Now — in a very preliminary finding — the Neanderthals are weighing in.By looking at barium levels in the fossilized molar of a Neanderthal child, researchers concluded that the child had been breast-fed exclusively for the first seven months, followed by seven months of mother's milk supplemented by other food. Then the barium pattern in the tooth enamel  returned to baseline prenatal levels, indicating an abrupt cessation of breast-feeding at.
0	 SYDNEY — OneAsia have dropped their inaugural Tour Championship from the 2013 schedule after failing to secure enough big name players for the $2 million tournament.The event was announced in May and scheduled to take place at Mission Hills in Shenzhen, China next month but will now be part of an expanded 2014 schedule, a spokesman for the Asia-Pacific tour said. The tournament promoters set a high bar for the inaugural championship, but unfortunately several of the targeted players already had commitments, so the first edition has been postponed until next year,  he said.
3	 Sears posted another bad quarter on Thursday, saying that its second-quarter loss widened as the company continued to struggle with weak sales and deep discounts .Results for the retailer, which operates Kmart and Sears stores, were also hurt by the decline in the number of stores in operation and the lingering effects from its spinoff of the Hometown and Outlet stores .Shares of Sears Holdings fell.2 percent to close at.72.
4	  SEATTLE — The nation's king-crab fishing fleet, prepared to deploy off the coast of southwest Alaska for the start of a season that supplies holiday tables and restaurants around the world, was instead stalled in port on Tuesday by the federal government shutdown.Crews and captains that in ordinary times would have been dropping their crab pots at precisely noon in Bristol Bay, 4,000 miles from the nation's capital, were cooling their heels in places like Dutch Harbor in the Aleutian Islands, waiting, watching the news and hoping for a break.
4	  JOINT BASE LEWIS-McCHORD, Wash. — Staff Sgt . Robert Bales, the enigmatic figure at the center of the worst American war crime in recent memory, admitted for the first time on Wednesday deliberately killing 16 Afghan civilians last year, most of them women and children .
1	 BISHOPVILLE, S.C. — Inside a fenced acre on the swampy Lynches River flood plain in central South Carolina, seven of Don Anderson's primitive dogs spring into high alert at approaching strangers. Medium-sized, they fan out amid his junkyard of improvised habitat: a few large barrels to dig under, an abandoned camper shell from a pickup, segments of black plastic water pipe and backhoed dirt mounds overgrown with waist-high ragweed.These are Carolina dogs, and though they are friendly, one can instantly sense they are different from other dogs. Several rush to the gate, their whole bodies wagging eagerly.
1	  President Obama on Tuesday will announce a broad new research initiative, starting with $100 million in, to invent and refine new technologies to understand the human brain, senior administration officials said Monday.A senior administration scientist compared the new initiative to the Human Genome Project, in that it is directed at a problem that has seemed insoluble up to now: the recording and mapping of brain circuits in action in an effort to  show how millions of brain cells interact. It is different, however, in that it has, as yet, no clearly defined goals or endpoint.
4	 MIDLAND CITY, Ala. — The vigils continued in and around this southeastern Alabama town on Saturday. They were held in private homes, at the gazebo next to City Hall and, perhaps most somberly, on the grassy hill where swarms of federal agents were watching the underground bunker where, they said, a man named Jimmy Lee Dykes had held a 5-year-old boy hostage for more than four days. Law enforcement officials were still saying little about attempts to rescue the boy, who was kidnapped on Tuesday when Mr. Dykes raided a school bus and killed the driver.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Though the Los Angeles Dodgers fell just one step shy of the World Series last season, they proved to be the kingpins when it came to drawing huge crowds and ruling the roost on social media .According to figures released by Major League Baseball ( MLB, Dodger Stadium was the most visited ballpark with the iconic Los Angeles franchise attracting a total of,743,527 fans during its 2013 campaign.
3	 U.S. stocks slid on Tuesday as traders cashed in gains in some of the year's best performers amid little progress to end a political crisis in Washington that could affect the U.S. fiscal standing and economic recovery . The Dow Jones industrial average closed .1 percent lower at,776.5. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was down .2 percent. The Nasdaq Composite Index was down 2 percent, at,694.8.A gauge of Wall Street anxiety hit its highest level in seven weeks as equity markets showed growing concern over a partial U.S.
2	 On Thursday morning the Oscar nominees will at last be revealed, giving shape to what has been an unusually multidimensional race. The stars and directors of contenders like  Lincoln,   Argo,    Zero Dark Thirty,    Silver Linings Playbook   and   Django Unchained   have been making the rounds to drum up support . For some of them by Thursday afternoon it will be time to pack up the borrowed finery and the studio-approved talking points, and go home.
0	  Martina Hingis smashed nearly a dozen backhand volleys for winners, traded deft short shots and jumped high to crush overheads in her return to the United States Open on Friday. But none of that mattered in a loss with her doubles partner, Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia, against the Open's top-seeded doubles team, Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci of Italy.Nearly,000 fans packed Court 17 to watch the match, many clapping and cheering after Hingis's shots.
3	 A group of doctors who performed unusually high rates of heart procedures on patients at a community hospital in Ohio settled with the Justice Department over accusations that some of the procedures were medically unnecessary, federal regulators announced on Friday.The settlement covered accusations that the doctors and the hospital, then known as the EMH Regional Medical Center, had billed Medicare for unnecessary medical care from 2001 to. The hospital agreed to pay .9 million to settle the accusations, and the physician group, the North Ohio Heart Center, agreed to pay,870, according to a Justice Department statement.
4	  WASHINGTON — The decision by Senate Democrats to eliminate filibusters for most judicial nominations only marginally enhanced President Obama's power to reshape the judiciary, according to court watchers from across the political spectrum, because Republican senators can still veto his nominees to most currently vacant appeals court seats.The new Senate rule clears the way for eight appeals court nominees who have already had confirmation hearings to win approval with simple majority votes, including three on the powerful Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which reviews federal policies and regulations.
2	 For any grass-roots performing-arts presenter, surviving and flourishing for a decade in the face of ever-changing aesthetic currents and a treacherous economy is cause for celebration. But for Issue Project Room, reaching that landmark birthday is especially sweet, given the tribulations that this institution has endured since its modest birth in, including multiple changes of location, emergency repairs and the death of its beloved founder, the photographer, gallerist and event producer Suzanne Fiol, in.Started by Ms.
3	 Hyundai said on Monday that it would offer more ways to compensate owners for overstating its cars' gas mileage as part of an estimated $210 million settlement of a court action .The carmaker said it would allow about,000 current and former owners and lessees of cars from the, 2012 and 2013 model years to choose among four ways to receive compensation for increased fuel costs associated with the incorrect fuel economy ratings. Customers may choose a single lump sum payment instead of automatically enrolling in the lifetime reimbursement program that Hyundai introduced when it restated its fuel economy ratings last year.
2	 The conventional wisdom about the first season of  Smash,  NBC's musical within a soap opera, was that it started on a high note it couldn't sustain. The pilot received overwhelmingly positive reviews, but by the last episode it was hard to find anyone who would say a kind word about the show. People were more likely to be tweeting about a misbegotten musical number or how much they hated Ellis, the personal assistant who filled the obligatory young Machiavellian schemer role in the style of  All About Eve.
3	 The aerospace and military industries, faced with lackluster sales of military equipment as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan wind down, are turning their attention to the soaring market for commercial jets.That is a big swing from just a few years ago, and the changes are shaking up the profit picture in both businesses, according to a new study by AlixPartners, a global business advisory firm .Even with the rebound in commercial sales, plane makers like Boeing and Airbus are pressuring suppliers to cut costs to keep plane prices competitive and to seek a larger share of the growing profits .
0	  ST . LOUIS — Of all the teams participating in this sloppy World Series, only the one in blue seems at the top of its game.In Game, the Cardinals made a series of mistakes, the Red Sox countered in Game, and both looked suspect in Game. So it was left to the umpires to make the decisive call in the game — perhaps the series — and by most accounts they made the right one, even celebrating it after the game.
4	 During her second deployment to Iraq, Staff Sgt . Stacy Pearsall of the Air Force found herself attached to an Army ground unit that was clearing roadside bombs . They had just found their 26th device of the day when one of their armored personnel carriers exploded. An ambush was on.The chaos that unfolded over the next few hours was not a typical day for Sergeant Pearsall. But under the Pentagon's decision to allow women into front-line combat units, officially announced Thursday, it could become much closer to the norm for women in American uniforms.
2	  TORONTO — A new documentary strongly suggests that a man who's been living in Vietnam for the last 40 years is a former American prisoner of war, John Hartley Robertson, a Special Forces soldier who was aboard a helicopter that crashed in 1968 in Laos after coming under fire.But a day after the film,  Unclaimed,  got a standing ovation Tuesday at the Hot Docs film festival here, the Defense Department released a statement saying that the man in the film was a fraud.By their nature documentaries often deal with murky, complex questions that have few easy answers.
4	 This was the place where voter initiatives slashed the power of state lawmakers, runaway deficits and gridlocked budgets were the rule of the day, and a circus of a recall election forced a governor out of office 10 months into his second term.But in the past month, California has been the stage for a series of celebrations of unlikely legislative success — a parade of bill signings that offered a contrast between the shutdown in Washington and an acrimony-free California Legislature that enacted laws dealing with subjects including school financing, immigration, gun control and abortion.
3	 Renewed worries about Europe's debt crisis weighed on the stock market on Wednesday and held the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index back from reaching a nominal high. Investors are watching to see if Cyprus can shore up its banking system. They are also concerned about Italy, where political parties are struggling to form a new government . The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index slipped.92 point to,562.85, less than three points short of its high set in October. The Dow Jones industrial average fell .49 points to close at,526.16, a loss of.2 percent.
0	 GULLANE — American Todd Hamilton, shock winner of the 2004 British Open, was briefly the clubhouse leader of this year's tournament after shooting a first-round two-under-par 69 on Thursday.Playing in the second group out, the 47-year-old showed glimpses of the form that brought him the Claret Jug nine years ago with four birdies around the Muirfield links.It was a rare moment in the spotlight for the unassuming Hamilton who has never won again on the U.S. or European Tours since beating Ernie Els in a playoff to claim the Open title at Troon.
0	 MELBOURNE — It is an excuse 17 years in the making but former world number one Greg Norman has finally come up with an explanation for his infamous final-round flop at the 1996 U.S. Masters which gifted Briton Nick Faldo the famed 'Green Jacket'.Norman, who held a six-stroke lead heading into the final round but crashed to a 78 in one of the greatest sporting 'chokes' of all time, said he was suffering from a bad back and it was not just a case of nerves getting the better of him.
3	 Packed planes should help the world's airlines earn a.7 billion profit this year, as travel demand accelerates faster than the airlines add seats, according to a new prediction by a trade group .If the estimate by the International Air Transport Association proves accurate, it would represent a 67 percent increase in airline profit from the.6 billion they earned last year. The new estimate is a 20 percent jump over the association's estimate just three months ago .The association said that if its forecast holds, the global airline industry will have its third-strongest year since. The biggest factor is full planes.
4	  WASHINGTON — Avoiding an economic showdown with President Obama, the House on Wednesday passed legislation to eliminate the nation's statutory borrowing limit until May, without including the dollar -for- dollar spending cuts that Republicans once insisted would have to be part of any debt limit bill.The 285-144 vote staved off an impasse that could have put the full faith and credit of the United States government into doubt and potentially set off an economic disaster.
4	 The defendant had accosted the prosecutor before, shouting death threats at him on a Washington street . Then one day in court, he caught the eye of the prosecutor, Roger Canaff, and slowly drew his finger across his throat.Today, Mr. Canaff is out of the prosecutor's role and serving as a legal consultant in New York. But he remembers the fear that went along with the threat from a man he was prosecuting for a misdemeanor charge in what he considered a  relatively minor domestic violence case .
0	  CHICAGO — The Campbell Bowl was wheeled onto the United Center ice Saturday night and presented to the Western Conference champion Blackhawks, the N.H.L.'s best team during the regular season, who had just earned a trip to the Stanley Cup finals with a thrilling 4-3 double- overtime victory against the Los Angeles Kings .The shimmering silver trophy, however, was not the only bounty on the ice. Caps of all shapes, sizes and colors littered the neutral zone during the presentation ceremony. They paid homage to a particular Chicago star, Patrick Kane .
3	 LONDON — The British oil company BP said on Tuesday that its profit for the third quarter, adjusted for one-time items, was.7 billion. That was down 26 percent from the period a year earlier, but exceeded analysts' forecast .BP also said that it would continue its aggressive program of asset sales with a target of $10 billion in additional sales by. The money raised will be used mostly to pay for distributions to shareholders, probably through share buybacks, the company said. BP has already completed about.8 billion of an $8 billion buyback program begun earlier this year.
3	  WASHINGTON — As President Obama turned to second-term job openings soon after his re- election, the topic one day in the Oval Office was probably the most important economic decision he would make: Who should succeed the Federal Reserve chairman, Ben S. Bernanke, after?The president's preference: His former economic adviser, Lawrence H. Summers.Mr. Obama, well aware of Mr. Summers's love-him-or-hate-him reputation and the trouble he could face winning Senate confirmation, reasoned that it was hardly too soon to think about courting senators, even if a final decision on a nominee was nearly a year off.
3	 A hospital in Livingston, N.J., charged,712 on average to implant a pacemaker, while a hospital in nearby Rahway, N.J., charged,945.In Saint Augustine, Fla., one hospital typically billed nearly,000 to remove a gallbladder using minimally invasive surgery, while one in Orange Park, Fla., charged,000.In one hospital in Dallas, the average bill for treating simple pneumonia was,610, while another there charged over,000.
3	  Lawyers for the city of Chicago are investigating marketing claims by producers of narcotic painkillers as a prelude to a possible lawsuit against them, according to interviews and a court filing .The investigation is focusing on whether manufacturers of the drugs, which are known as opioids, overstated their benefits and understated their risks, such as the chances that a patient could become addicted to the drugs, a court filing shows.
3	 PARIS — Renault, the French automaker, and its Japanese alliance partner Nissan Motor, are exploring a possible tie-up with Mitsubishi Motors in a deal to include cooperation on electric vehicles, the companies said Tuesday.Renault and Nissan are in the midst of a management overhaul as Carlos Ghosn, who runs both automakers, seeks to ease fears of slowing growth, especially at Nissan. Partnerships have been one way for automakers to slash development and production costs .
0	 HARTFORD, Conn. — Chasson Randle scored 22 points and Stanford handed No. 10 UConn its first loss of the season, 53-51 on Wednesday night .Josh Huestis added 13 points and Dwight Powell had 10 points and 15 rebounds for Stanford, which overcame a 10-point halftime deficit in earning their first signature win of the season.DeAndre Daniels had 15 points for UConn, which was 6 of 10 from behind the arc in the first half and 0 for 12 in the second.Randle's jump shot with 3½ minutes left gave the Cardinal a 52-49 lead.
2	 Conrad Tao, a gifted composer-pianist who is in the Columbia University -Juilliard School joint degree program, will celebrate his 19th birthday on Tuesday by inaugurating the Unplay Festival. This three-day event that he is organizing at the Powerhouse Arena in Brooklyn will explore several themes, including the musician's evolving role in contemporary culture and how and why particular works come to be considered standard repertory.Mr. Tao is to play several of his own scores on a program dedicated to electroacoustic music, including  Iridescence,  a piece for iPad and piano that shows the influence of Brian Eno and Messiaen.
2	 On Feb. 24, 2010, Dawn Brancheau, a senior trainer at SeaWorld Orlando in Florida, was killed when Tilikum, a,000-pound bull orca, grabbed her as they interacted in shallow water and dragged her into a deep pool, mutilating and drowning her. It was the third human death the whale had been implicated in since.  If you were in a bathtub for 25 years, don't you think you'd get a little irritated, aggravated, maybe a little psychotic?  Jane Velez-Mitchell suggested afterward in a CNN panel discussion.
2	 A century and a half after Gustave Flaubert wrote  Madame Bovary,  and 50 years after the advent of the sexual revolution, popular art still shrinks from truly reckoning with female desire. After a flurry of 1960s art-house erotica ( I Am Curious (Yellow) ) and quasi-feminist camp (  Barbarella, women-centric movies in the main have returned to status quo -bolstering narratives of marriage, melodrama and moral guilt. Which makes the near-simultaneous arrival of two new films that explore varieties of female sexual experience suggest the stirring of a newly liberated cinema .
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate on Thursday approved the nomination of Samantha Power as the next ambassador to the United Nations, a relatively smooth and quiet process that lacked the partisan acrimony of other recent confirmations.Only 10 senators voted against Ms. Power . Eighty-seven supported her, including 33 Republicans . I don't believe anyone can question her considerable credentials,  said Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee .  Certainly no one can question her willingness to speak her mind.
3	 SHANGHAI — When Peter Humphrey and his wife, Yu Yingzeng, appeared on Chinese national television recently, handcuffed and wearing orange prison vests, it was the first time in more than a month that family and friends had seen the British-American couple, well-known figures in the foreign business world here.But any sense of relief was tempered by what they saw next: Mr. Humphrey, his face electronically blurred, his head bowed, confessed to a crime and apologized to the Chinese government .
4	  LOS ANGELES — A federal bankruptcy court judge granted the city of San Bernardino eligibility for bankruptcy protection on Wednesday, raising the possibility that the city will propose a plan to dig itself out of debt by cutting money promised to the public pension system.The ruling by Judge Meredith Jury came despite opposition from the powerful California Public Employees' Retirement System, more commonly known as Calpers .
2	  LOS ANGELES — On a set so authentically dressed to resemble a boxing gym that you could almost smell the mildewed towels, a man on the floor was howling in pain as two burly-looking goons dragged him by the ankles. Anyone familiar with the work of Ann Biderman, the creator of the series being shot,  Ray Donovan,  would instantly recognize that the scene incorporated three of her favorite subjects: violence, Los Angeles and thugs . I seem to love writing about crime and tortured men,  said Ms.
0	 With their postseason slot already decided when they had clinched the American League Central, the Detroit Tigers watched the other team do all the celebrating Sunday. Henderson Alvarez pitched a no-hitter and the Miami Marlins scored in the bottom of the ninth to win, 1-0.The run scored when Detroit's Luke Putkonen threw a wild pitch with two outs and the bases loaded .Alvarez (5-6) struck out four, walked one and hit a batter . When he closed out the top of the ninth, he pumped his fists, thinking the game was over.
3	 Gap raised its earnings per share outlook for the year on Thursday, after its summer lineup helped increase second-quarter results and advanced its turnaround push.The higher guidance was short of Wall Street expectations, but the company also increased its annual dividend by 20 cents, or 33 percent, to 80 cents a share . Its shares rose 1 percent to.43 in trading after the market close. Over the last year, the stock is up 21 percent.Gap, based in San Francisco, owns Banana Republic, Old Navy, Piperlime, Athleta and Intermix stores, in addition to its namesake chain.
0	 COOPERSTOWN, N.Y. — Dr. Frank Jobe, retired surgeon, and Tommy John, retired pitcher, sat together Saturday recalling their intertwined history: the surgery that Jobe performed in 1974 when he replaced the ruptured ulnar collateral ligament in John's left elbow with the palmaris longus tendon from his right wrist.It had never been done, but it has been done hundreds of times since.Jobe and John make for sports medicine's best-known athlete and surgeon. Yet what Jobe did is called Tommy John surgery, not Frank Jobe surgery.
0	  Philadelphia quarterback Nick Foles threw seven touchdown passes Sunday against Oakland and appears to be the new Eagles starting quarterback . That will give Michael Vick another eight games to get healthy and prepare for next season, wherever he signs as a free agent . (Attention, Minnesota shoppers .) LeSean McCoy will be able to run against Green Bay, as will the Packers rookie Eddie Lacy against the Eagles .
3	 Two of the biggest names in retail are fighting over Martha Stewart .In one corner is Ron Johnson, the chief executive of the embattled J. C. Penney. In the other is Terry Lundgren, the chief of Macy's. Both want the home diva's housewares, and this week some of their maneuvers were laid bare in a courtroom in Lower Manhattan.Only days after J. C. Penney stunned Wall Street with news of a big loss, Mr. Johnson described how the hobbled chain was trying to win over Ms. Stewart.
0	  PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. — The high of winning the Masters lasted 24 days, 12 hours and 48 minutes, until Adam Scott stepped to the 10th tee at T.P.C. Sawgrass on Thursday for his first competitive shot since defeating Ángel Cabrera on the second playoff hole at Augusta National . To Scott's mild dismay, he was introduced as the 2004 Players Champion but not the Masters champion .After teeing off, Scott joked to Steve Stricker, one of his playing partners,  This is going to be the most disappointing thing all week.
2	 Aoife O'Donovan knows that her first name is hard to pronounce, her voice is easy on the ears and the path she has chosen — a singer-songwriter -guitarist in New York — can be a brutal one. (It's EEE-fah, now that you're wondering.)If she also seems to know her way around an interview, it may be that decade as lead singer of the bluegrass outfit Crooked Still, not to mention running with the folk trio Sometymes Why and work on the Grammy-winning  Goat Rodeo Sessions  with Chris Thile and Yo-Yo Ma. Now Ms.
1	 NASHVILLE — The University of Tennessee faced protests here on Friday over its proposal to let a private company drill for natural gas across a forest controlled by the university. Environmentalists say opening the Cumberland Forest in eastern Tennessee to hydraulic fracturing, a process known as  fracking,  could harm wildlife and scenery on the,000-acre tract of state-owned land.But the university says it would create a rare, controlled environment in which experts could study the environmental impact of the controversial drilling technique, while also generating revenue to finance research.
0	 (Reuters) - Cincinnati Bengals defensive back Adam  Pacman  Jones was arrested on Monday on charges that he punched a woman last week in a late night confrontation in downtown Cincinnati, police said, in the football player's latest bout with legal troubles .Jones, who has been twice suspended by the National Football League for violations of league policy, was accused by Shannon Wesley, 34, of punching her on Wednesday night after an argument, causing minor injuries, a police report said.Wesley said that Jones, 29, hit her and then drove away, according to the report.
4	  WASHINGTON — Pfc. Bradley Manning will be sentenced Wednesday morning for providing more than,000 secret government documents to WikiLeaks, the largest leak of confidential materials in American history, the judge announced Tuesday, just hours after beginning deliberations. Private Manning, 25, faces up to 90 years in prison, although he will be credited for the more than three years he has already spent in custody. There is no minimum sentence . The judge, Col. Denise R. Lind, convicted him in July of most of the charges, including six counts of violating the Espionage Act of.The sentencing is scheduled for 10 a.m.
0	  WASHINGTON — Justin Upton and Dan Uggla each homered in a three-run sixth inning, and the Atlanta Braves rallied past the Washington Nationals for a 5-2 victory Wednesday night, lowering their magic number for clinching the NL East title to two games. Brian McCann and Jordan Schafer also drove in runs as the Braves snapped a three- game skid . Atlanta has not won the division since, the last of 11 straight titles. Washington entered 4½ games behind Cincinnati for the second NL wild card .Kameron Loe (1-2) got one out for the win.
3	  LOS ANGELES — Despite selling.8 billion in tickets, Universal's   Fast & Furious   car- racing series is Hollywood's equivalent of a second-class citizen.It does not dazzle with computerized special effects like  Transformers  or feature rising young stars like   The Hunger Games .  It lacks the cultural cachet of   Harry Potter .  We feel like underdogs most of the time,  said Vin Diesel, who leads the   Fast & Furious   cast.
2	 Perhaps it says something about Europe's economic and unemployment troubles that a man who robs banks for a living is the good guy in  The Prey,  a French thriller that opens for a run at the AMC Empire 25 in Midtown Manhattan on Friday.The plot involves an imprisoned thief named Franck Adrien (Albert Dupontel) whose apparently innocuous cellmate, Jean-Louis Maurel (creepily played by Stéphane Debac, turns out not to be so harmless after all.
3	 In December, the Federal Aviation Administration allowed Airbus, the European plane maker, to use 14-ounce lithium-ion batteries to provide standby power for the emergency lighting system of its new A380 jumbo jet .Ten months later, the agency allowed Boeing to use the same volatile type of battery on its new 787 plane. But in Boeing's case, the batteries weighed 63 pounds each, were to be used in critical flight systems as well as to provide backup power, and would be charged and discharged much more often.
2	 With just one departure,   Saturday Night Live   is losing its excitable  Weekend Update  city correspondent, Stefon; its frenetic incarnations of James Carville, Al Pacino, Vincent Price and Julian Assange; and any number of unctuous, self-satisfied game show hosts.All of which is to say that Bill Hader, an eight-year veteran of   Saturday Night Live,  will be leaving that NBC late-night franchise when its season ends on Saturday. It was a hard decision, but it has to happen at some point,  Mr. Hader said in an interview.
0	 The NCAA stripped Oregon of a scholarship in each of the next two seasons and placed the program on probation for three years, opting against stiffer penalties like a bowl ban despite issuing a show-cause order against former coach Chip Kelly, who apologized to the school, its fans and it players.The NCAA's Division I Committee on Infractions released a report on Wednesday that said Kelly failed to monitor the program for its improper involvement with Willie Lyles and his Houston -based recruiting service.
2	 If only he'd arrived a couple of centuries earlier, Bill Pullman might be considered, well, a little less odd.Instead, he lamented good-naturedly the other day, his life appears to be  a patchwork quilt of bizarre, disparate obsessions.  An actor in more than 50 films, he has a fondness for trombones, vaudeville and things agricultural — like cattle, barns, tractors and, the subject of a lot of attention lately, his orchard.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration says it will require health insurance companies to report all price increases, no matter how small, to the federal government so officials can monitor the impact of the new health care law and insurers' compliance with it.Under current rules, the federal government requires insurers to report information on rate increases of 10 percent or more. New rules being issued by the administration will extend this requirement to all rate increases for all health plans sold to individuals, families and small businesses — a total of 60 million people.
3	 PARIS — France's ailing industrial sector took another blow on Tuesday when Renault said it planned to cut,500 domestic jobs by, or about 17 percent of its French labor force, as it adjusts production capacity to the crushing downturn in the European car market .The plan, which the company said in a statement would save 400 million euros, or $540 million, in annual fixed costs, is needed to lower its break-even point — the amount of revenue needed to cover all outlays — and to  clear the way for the new hiring needed for the future.
4	  WASHINGTON — Representative Andy Barr, a Republican from Kentucky with little experience in the intricacies of Wall Street, was among the lucky House freshmen to secure a seat on the powerful Financial Services Committee .Now, half a year into his first term, he has emerged as a telling example of why the panel is sometimes called  the cash committee   — a place, critics say, where there are big incentives for freshmen to do special favors for the industry.Mr.
1	 Boneworms are gutless and mouthless, but somehow they live off the carcasses of whalebones. Now researchers say that the worms produce and secrete an acid that can dissolve bone.  Trapped inside is collagen and lipids, and we think the worms absorb this,  said Martin Tresguerres, a comparative physiologist at the University of California, San Diego, and one of the researchers involved in the study, which appears in The Proceedings of the Royal Society B.Dr. Tresguerres and his colleagues discovered that boneworms have enzymes called proton pumps on the part of their body that bores into whalebone.
1	 After 35 years of field research in the Serengeti plains, Craig Packer, director of the Lion Research Center at the University of Minnesota, has lost all patience with the romance of African wilderness. Fences, he says, are the only way to stop the precipitous and continuing decline in the number of African lions. Reality has to intrude,  he said.  Do you want to know the two most hated species in Africa, by a mile? Elephants and lions.  They destroy crops and livestock, he said, and sometimes, in the case of lions, actually eat people.Dr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans on Thursday thwarted the confirmation of two of President Obama's nominees, one to a powerful appeals court and another to a home-lending oversight post, setting up a confrontation with Democrats that could escalate into a larger fight over limiting the filibuster and restrict how far the minority party can go to block a president's agenda.
3	 LONDON — The authorities on Tuesday raided the offices of several oil companies and an industry data provider as part of a broader inquiry by the European Commission into potential price manipulation.In what the commission termed ''unannounced inspections,'' investigators descended on some European offices of BP, Royal Dutch Shell and Platts, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies that specializes in providing pricing for the oil industry . The European authorities are looking into whether the companies may have ''colluded in reporting distorted prices'' in an effort ''to manipulate the published prices of a number of oil and biofuel products.
0	  MONTREAL — Max Pacioretty was hardly in the mood to celebrate after his game-winning goal for the Canadiens .The big forward sent Boston Bruins defenseman Johnny Boychuk to the hospital with a first-period check into the boards Thursday night, then scored the go-ahead goal in the second during Montreal's 2-1 victory.Pacioretty's ninth goal in the last nine games helped the Canadiens stretch their unbeaten run to nine games. It also put Montreal (18-9-3) in first place in the Atlantic Division, a point ahead of Boston, which has two games in hand.
0	  LOS ANGELES — Delmon Young had a career-high six RBIs, helping John Lannan breeze to his first victory with Philadelphia, and the Phillies got homers from Michael Young and John Mayberry in a 16-1 rout of the Dodgers on Friday night, snapping Los Angeles' season-best, six- game winning streak . Phillies All-Star first baseman Ryan Howard, batting .268 overall and.173 against left-handers, was given the day off by manager Charlie Manuel with lefty Chris Capuano starting for the Dodgers .
1	 A Time to Fight: Faced with the foreclosure of her home, Detroit resident LaKeisha Tuggle devised creative solutions to weather economic hardship . DETROIT — The belt-tightening was the easy part. Cancel the cable. Skip the air conditioners . Ration the cellphone, unplug the wireless Internet, cook rice and beans — done, and done.The larger problem for LaKeisha Tuggle, 33, who had lost her public relations job, was cash flow : After her unemployment insurance and savings ran dry, there was none.
0	 Short-yardage and goal-line situations were a problem for the Giants in the preseason and in the season-opening loss to Dallas . So on Tuesday, the team brought back Brandon Jacobs, a bruising runner who is the franchise leader in rushing touchdowns.Jacobs, 31, who has had only five carries since, will spell starter David Wilson and will most likely be the choice when the team needs 1 or 2 yards on third and fourth down.Jacobs played with the Giants from 2005 to, helping them win two Super Bowls .
4	  WASHINGTON — The surprise defeat of the farm bill in the House on Thursday underscored the ideological divide between the more conservative, antispending Republican lawmakers and their leadership, who failed to garner sufficient votes from their caucus as well as from Democrats .The vote against the bill, 234 to, comes a year after House leaders pulled the measure off the calendar because conservative lawmakers demanded deeper cuts in the food stamp program and Democrats objected.
2	 Can you have ballet without ballerinas? Yes. In the 18th century, women were the second sex in Western theater dance. Though some female stars were called  queens  of dance, men were known as  gods. Yet for the last two centuries, mainly since the establishment of female point work, the ballerina has been the quintessence of ballet. On toe, she stands at the heart of this disquietingly, often thrillingly, sexist genre, the queen bee at the apex of this highly hierarchical art; she is partnered but does not partner.
0	  SAN DIEGO — Tim Lincecum walked into the San Francisco Giants' clubhouse late Sunday morning and, yes, his right arm was still attached to his body.That was no small matter, considering that Lincecum threw 148 pitches in his first career no-hitter Saturday night .While he was still trying to put his no-hitter into perspective, Lincecum said his arm was OK after his incredible effort in the San Francisco Giants' 9-0 victory against the last-place San Diego Padres .
0	 It has been six months since the Yankees edged the Baltimore Orioles in the American League division series, although in many respects, for the winners, it has felt like six awfully long years.The team is slowly returning to full health, in piecemeal fashion, and only one player ( Robinson Cano ) who started in last season's Game 5 for the Yankees in the A.L.D.S. was in the lineup Sunday night .But with this cast of fill-ins — a Band-Aid unit in a patchwork lineup — the Yankees have managed to stay above.500 through the first 11 games of the season, at.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Senate gave final approval on Thursday to legislation suspending the statutory debt ceiling until May, officially turning Congress's attention to the next budget showdown: $1 trillion in across-the- board military and domestic spending cuts set to begin on March.The 64-to-34 vote ended for now a clash that had threatened the full faith and credit of the United States government . But the next budget fight is just four weeks away. House Republican leaders insist that the across-the- board cuts, known as sequestration, are coming, even as senators in both parties scramble for short- and long-term remedies.
0	 SOUTHPORT, England — Bernhard Langer gave Mark Wiebe one too many chances at the Senior British Open .Wiebe took advantage of Langer's failure to close out the tournament, beating the German on the fifth playoff hole Monday at Royal Birkdale for his first senior major title .The American used a superb approach shot from the rough to set up a two-putt for par, while Langer failed to get up and down, seeing his par putt stay out. I'm speechless,  Wiebe said.
3	 The last time the nation's tax code was overhauled, in, Congress tried to end a big corporate giveaway.But this valuable perk — the ability to finance a variety of business projects cheaply with bonds that are exempt from federal taxes — has not only endured, it has grown, in what amounts to a stealth subsidy for private enterprise .
0	  MILWAUKEE — This one was for Roberto Clemente. The Hall of Famer's retired jersey is still the only 21 that matters for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Pinch-hitter Travis Snider homered in the ninth inning to lift Pittsburgh to a 4-3 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night that clinched the Pirates' first non-losing record in two decades.Clemente played right field for Pittsburgh and finished his career with exactly,000 hits. He died in a plane crash on New Year's Eve 1972 while trying to deliver food and relief supplies to earthquake victims in Nicaragua.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Defense Department's Early Bird news service — which drove debates at the Pentagon, and its senior leaders to frustration, with its compilation of articles on military operations, budget politics and weapons programs — was declared dead on Friday.The three dozen or so news and opinion articles that made the Early Bird's daily cut became must-reads at first light for Pentagon civilian employees and military personnel, as well as for members of the executive branch, Congress, the defense industry, research groups, academia and the news media .
3	 JUST last fall, Europe was sinking into a double- dip recession and many global investors were questioning whether the European Union would even survive. Now signs of recovery have emerged, and European stocks have been ticking higher.Could this be the start of European economic renaissance?A pickup in manufacturing in Italy and Spain, stabilization of manufacturing in France and economic growth in Germany have fed hopes that the worst could be over for the region. More encouragingly, European consumer and business confidence is rising. Confidence indicators hit a two-year high at the end of August and improved again in September.
0	 (Reuters) - The best Rafael Benitez could say about his time at Chelsea was that he left with the grudging and muted respect of even his most vituperative critics.The Spaniard arrived at Stamford Bridge against a backdrop of hostility but walked away from the fans, who greeted his arrival with vociferous abuse, with his reputation enhanced. Benitez, who took over as coach of Serie A team Napoli on Monday, led Chelsea to Europa League glory and helped them finish third in the Premier League, thereby qualifying for next season's Champions League .
0	 One run was a hopeful sign, maybe signaling the start of something grand for the Yankees in the first inning against the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday. Then that little number on the scoreboard evolved into a mocking symbol of the Yankees' offensive futility, followed by so many zeros, so many lost opportunities.The Yankees' lineup at first seemed to be at its slap-hit best, then returned to its slap-hit worst, as the team fell quietly to the Royals for a second straight night, 3-1, at Yankee Stadium . They managed six hits, all singles.
3	  Boeing officials have detailed for the first time their proposed fixes for the lithium-ion batteries aboard its 787 planes, and the changes include better insulation between the eight cells in the battery, gentler charging to minimize stress and a new titanium venting system.But to prevent any new fire and smoke episodes like the ones that have grounded its fleet, Boeing proposed the crudest tool in its considerable technological arsenal : the battery itself will be sealed inside a steel box that would serve as the last safety rampart if everything else fails.
2	 Hector Delgado gave up being a reggaetón artist five years ago to become an evangelical preacher in Puerto Rico . So it was something of a surprise when his former manager, Javier Gómez, called him three weeks ago and said his voice could be clearly heard on   Harlem Shake,  a song that had gone viral on the Internet and then climbed to the top of the pop chart.He wasn't alone.
3	  OTTAWA — An environmental and economic review panel approved plans for a pipeline and port project that, if built, will move oil from Alberta's oil sands to tankers on Canada's Pacific Coast .After approval stalled in Washington for the Keystone XL pipeline, which would link the oil sands to the United States Gulf Coast, the Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline, which would cost about.9 billion Canadian dollars, or about.4 billion, became Canada's backup plan for increasing oil sands production.The current federal government in particular hopes to add Asian markets to the oil sands' list of customers .
2	 In Performance: Nico Muhly: Nico Muhly performs an excerpt from  I'm Only Sixteen  from his opera  Two Boys.  He is accompanied by the tenor Paul Appleby.Mr. Cremo, director of the Metropolitan Opera's commissioning program, invited two people to the dress rehearsal at the English National Opera: his brother, to get the perspective of someone who wasn't an operagoer, and his 19-year-old nephew, to learn whether the plot — which involves crime and identity on the Internet — rang true for a teenager who had grown up online .
0	  MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — Early Tuesday morning, the once great Alabama running back stood on the field surrounded by the latest great Alabama team. There was Shaun Alexander, retired from a long N.F.L. career, clad in a Crimson sweatshirt. He brushed confetti from his shoulders. He slapped hands and took pictures and even dropped the d-word. This whole run under Nick Saban is amazing,  Alexander said.  You can call Alabama a dynasty, and you could see it coming. He might win 100 of these things.
0	 After starting the season's second half on a high — as the much-praised All-Star Game host and as a team beginning to play some plucky, entertaining baseball — the Mets left the nation's capital feeling an all-too-familiar sinking sensation.They were humbled, 14-1, by the Washington Nationals, who punished each stumble and miscue before an announced crowd of,467 at Nationals Park.The blowout granted the four-game series some symmetry, as the Mets crushed the Nationals, 11-0, in the Friday afternoon opener. That game was the last positive result for the Mets all weekend.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Postal Service on Friday confirmed that it takes a photograph of every letter and package mailed in the United States — about 160 billion pieces last year — and occasionally provides the photos to law enforcement agencies that request them as part of criminal cases .The images are taken at more than 200 processing plants around the country and are used primarily to help the agency sort mail, the postmaster general, Patrick R. Donahoe, said in an interview with The Associated Press.But Mr.
3	  HONG KONG — China's exports rose more than expected last month, government figures released Sunday showed, as resurgent demand from consumers in the United States and the European Union helped put the Asian manufacturing juggernaut on track for its biggest annual trade surplus since.China's exports of goods rose.7 percent in November compared with a year earlier, while imports increased.3 percent, resulting in a trade surplus for the month of.8 billion, according to data from the General Administration of Customs.The reported export growth outpaced expectations of a.1 percent increase, while the increase in imports was less than the.
2	 A lot of time and discussion have been spent deciphering the extraordinary success of  Downton Abbey,  but it's actually pretty simple. This series about British aristocrats and their servants is   Fifty Shades of Grey : soft-core pornography, but fixated on breeding and heritage rather than kinky sex.The infamous  Fifty Shades  S-and-M trilogy by E. L. James began as an e-book and became a publishing sensation by adding a frisson of  Story of O -style bondage to an old-fashioned romance novel.
2	 It could be both the most eloquent and rankling protest film ever made, but it has gone unseen for so long that only cinéastes and New Wave aficionados remembered to hope for its reappearance.Never released on home video in North America, the 1967 anthology movie  Far From Vietnam   was in its day intended as a cinematic intervention, a cataract of antiwar activism delivered by a dream team of New Wavers: Chris Marker, Jean-Luc Godard, Alain Resnais, Claude Lelouch, Agnès Varda, the fashion photographer-turned-filmmaker William Klein and the old-guard Dutch documentarian Joris Ivens.
1	  WASHINGTON — Everything had to come together just perfectly to create the killer tornado in Moore, Okla.: wind speed, moisture in the air, temperature and timing. And when they did, the awesome energy released over that city dwarfed the power of the atomic bomb that leveled Hiroshima .On Tuesday, the National Weather Service gave it the top-of-the-scale rating of EF5 for wind speed and breadth, and severity of damage. Wind speeds were estimated at between 200 and 210 mph. The death count is 24 so far, including at least nine children.
2	  Washington — On a recent muggy Friday, the director Zal Batmanglij was ranging up and down Georgetown's brick sidewalks, giving a kind of tour of his past. Mr. Batmanglij lives in Los Angeles, but he grew up around here. There was Montrose Park, where he and his friends used to drink as teenagers; nearby was Rock Creek, which Mr. Batmanglij used to run along nearly every day after he graduated from college, during the year that he worked at a shampoo company and daydreamed about the films he wasn't yet making.
0	 (Reuters) - South Africa's Ernie Els held off final round challenges from Thomas Bjorn and Alexander Levy to seal a one-shot start to finish victory at the BMW International Open in Munich on Sunday.The British Open champion led the field from the opening round and started Sunday tied with France's Levy and Sweden's Alex Noren.The 43-year-old's lead slipped during the final round to both Denmark's Bjorn and tour rookie Levy, but his third consecutive card of three-under par 69 was enough for an 18-under par total, following his stunning 63 on the opening day.
3	 BECAUSE it's not the cheeriest of topics, advertising for products that treat women's urinary incontinence tends to steer clear of medical terminology. Poise, a Kimberly-Clark brand, uses the term  light bladder leakage,  while Tena, an SCA Personal Care brand, uses one that could just as easily describe the kitchen sink,  unexpected leaks. While their euphemisms differ, the brands have shared a strikingly similar approach in stressing absorbency. Both assign their products an absorbency rating on a scale of 1 to, with Poise Ultimate Absorbency and Tena Ultimate Absorbency representing their most substantial offerings.
3	 LONDON — A recent lecture on energy and climate change at the London School of Economics and Political Science by John Browne, the former chief executive of the oil giant BP, showed how contentious the debate on the merits of extracting natural gas from shale rock has become in Britain and Europe. Shale gas could play a key role in Europe's future energy mix.
0	 During his week off in Key Biscayne, Fla., Rory McIlroy practiced at a public course. It was not quite like the tennis star Novak Djokovic's hitting on a neighborhood court surrounded by a chain-link fence, with grass growing out of the cracks in the concrete. Crandon Park Golf Course, where McIlroy made himself at home, has been ranked one of the top public courses by various golf publications.But for McIlroy, the change in scenery from the exclusive club where he practices in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla., was richly symbolic. Before he became famous as the No.
4	 The following is a collection of memorable quotations from the trial of James (Whitey) Bulger, the notorious Boston crime boss who was found guilty of gangland crimes, including murder. James Bulger is of Irish descent. And the worst thing an Irish person could consider doing is becoming an informant. That was the first and foremost reason why James Bulger was never an informant against people.  (Related article.)John (The Executioner) Martorano, former Bulger associate who testified against him:  Family and friends come first. My father always taught me that.
0	  DENVER — Gordon Hayward scored a season-high 30 points to go with a career-high 13 rebounds, Derrick Favors had 19 points and the Utah Jazz rallied after blowing a big third-quarter lead to beat the Denver Nuggets 103-93 Friday night .Wilson Chandler and Jordan Hamilton had 17 apiece for the Nuggets .The Nuggets struggled from the foul line, going 14 for, while the Jazz hit their first 13 free throws in going 19 of 20 from the line. Denver fell to 6-3 on its home court after losing just three times at Pepsi Center all of last year.
3	 LONDON — Political instability and violent protests in North Africa are taking their toll on the region's energy sector .In Libya, which has the largest proven oil reserves in Africa, heavily armed militias and striking oil workers have shut down many of the largest export terminals and oil fields, cutting production to about a tenth of normal output.A number of Western companies have experienced delays in their oil and natural gas projects in an unsettled Egypt, whose government still owes many of these energy developers billions of dollars in back payments.
0	  Suh, of the Detroit Lions, was docked,000 by the N.F.L. for his illegal low block on Minnesota center John Sullivan in the Lions' season-opening victory on Sunday. Suh hit Sullivan during an interception return by Detroit linebacker DeAndre Levy, and the penalty negated a touchdown.Randall Liu, a league spokesman, said Tuesday that Suh had been notified of the fine by Merton Hanks, the league's vice president for football operations. Suh was not in the locker room at Detroit's practice complex while it was open to reporters. A text message was sent to Suh seeking comment .
2	 Some years ago the documentarian Alan Berliner was going to make a movie about a California woman with superabundant autobiographical memory.  She remembered everything in her past,  Mr. Berliner said.  The neurologists studied her at UC Irvine for five years, and she was the real deal . No tricks. Extraordinary. The project didn't work out, and Mr. Berliner sought solace in a familiar source. I went to see Edwin,  he said, meaning his cousin, Edwin Honig, the renowned poet and translator, who was living in Providence, R.I., where he had taught at Brown University.
2	 The pitch reads:  What's worse than mean girl cheerleaders? How about resurrected mean-girl cheerleaders with supernatural powers ?  Find out more at Thursday's United States premiere of the horror film  All Cheerleaders Die  at the Elinor Bunin Munroe Film Center at Lincoln Center . In this satire of high school horror movies, witchcraft is employed to resurrect the vengeance-seeking cheerleaders who died in a car accident caused by the football players .
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — This already is shaping up as a yellow British Open .Golf's oldest championship returns to Muirfield after a wet spring that was ideal for growing thick grass, followed by a dry summer that has yielded three  F'' words that are ideal for a links course.The yellow hue of the fairways and wisps of knee-high native grass framing them make that obvious. The trick is to figure out how far the ball is going — not in the air, but once it starts bouncing on the ground.
4	  SAN FRANCISCO — An oyster farm can continue operating at Point Reyes National Seashore in Northern California for at least a few more months after a federal appeals court decision on Monday.The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth District, in San Francisco, ruled that the Drakes Bay Oyster Company, which was scheduled to shut down in mid-March, could remain open until the court decided whether the company's lawsuit challenging its eviction from the park could move forward.
4	 AURORA, Colo. — As Colorado moves closer to issuing temporary regulations on the sale of marijuana, now legal in small quantities here, some cities and towns are not waiting for the new rules to take effect.More than a dozen municipalities across the state have decided to enact moratoriums on retail marijuana sales, restricting them for now or at least until after the rules are finalized later this year.
0	 DURHAM, N.C. — Geno Auriemma and his Connecticut Huskies always seem to thrive on the big stage . Tuesday night was no different as the No. 1 team in the country turned its latest showdown into another rout, beating second-ranked Duke . I think these are the reasons we come to Connecticut, to play in the big games,  said Breanna Stewart, who led the Huskies with 24 points and 11 rebounds .  We have a huge target on our back and teams will always give us their best run. That's what you want as a competitor .
0	 NEW YORK — Victoria Azarenka paid tribute to the old brigade at Flushing Meadows after she joined five players over the age of 30 in the women's quarter-finals of the U.S. Open.The second-seeded Belarussian withstood a stern challenge from Serbia's Ana Ivanovic to post a 4-6 6-3 6-4 victory and ensure a last eight meeting with unseeded Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday.Quarter-finalists Hantuchova, Serena Williams, China's Li Na and Italians Roberta Vinci and Flavia Pennetta are all 30-plus, and the 24-year old Azarenka said their lengthy careers were a reward for their high levels of fitness.
2	 In the annals of American music in the 20th century, no record label had a more unlikely origin or trajectory than Paramount Records. Founded in 1917 as a subsidiary of the Wisconsin Chair Company, which was eager to supply content for the phonographs it had begun to manufacture, Paramount took a scattershot approach to its business, recording more than,000 tracks of blues, gospel, hot jazz, treacly pop, and hillbilly and ethnic music before going bust during the Depression.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama plans to nominate Jeh C. Johnson, who framed many of the administration's national security policies as the Defense Department's general counsel during Mr. Obama's first term, to become the next secretary of the Homeland Security Department, according to administration officials .If confirmed by the Senate, Mr. Johnson, 56, will fill the vacancy left by Janet Napolitano, who resigned in July to lead the University of California system.Mr. Johnson — whose first name is pronounced  Jay  — has little experience with some of the issues that Ms. Napolitano faced, like border security and immigration.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — When the gossip finally reached the Western Kentucky athletic department — that the daughter of the football coach was dating the young basketball assistant — there was one natural reaction. I remember laughing to myself thinking, with all the coaches and athletes in Joani's family, is she sure she wants to get involved with a coach?  said Paul Just, a former Western Kentucky sports information director. Joani might have had enough.
3	  HONG KONG — The Chinese Communist Party's drive against corruption moved into the powerful and politically delicate oil sector this week, as the authorities announced that four executives of the state-owned China National Petroleum Corporation were under investigation.
0	  Nets Coach P . J. Carlesimo did not say much to his team at halftime, but he thought this might be a game to throw in the towel early. The Nets trailed the Phoenix Suns by 7 points, and they looked lifeless. He implored his players for more energy . We all knew the bottom line,  center Brook Lopez said.  They were outplaying us. The Nets were without four key players, including Gerald Wallace, who was injured in the first quarter, and guard Deron Williams was left with a throbbing right thigh after a collision.
0	 READING, Pa. — Alex Rodriguez spent the final hours of his three-day sojourn to Berks County taking cuts in the batting cage and fielding ground balls Wednesday morning before the Trenton Thunder faced the Reading Fightin Phils at FirstEnergy Stadium. The bleachers were empty for Rodriguez's workout, though dozens of fans had congregated along the ballpark's padlocked perimeter, hoping for a glimpse or an autograph before Rodriguez left, most likely for good.His appearance was a spectacle in Reading, a rough-hewed factory city that Rodriguez said he visited several times to see extended family as a young boy.
3	  OTTAWA — Perhaps it was his choice of words, but a small portion of President Obama 's speech about climate change on Tuesday has attracted a disproportionate amount of attention in Canada .At issue are his remarks about the proposed Keystone XL pipeline, which would send bitumen from Alberta's oil sands to refineries on the Texas Gulf Coast . The pipeline requires presidential approval and, for Canadians at least, has become a dominant political issue . Allowing the Keystone pipeline to be built requires a finding that doing so would be in our nation's interests,  Mr.
0	 NORTON, Mass. — Working as long and hard this Labor Day weekend as lifeguards, some golfers will spend Monday at the Tournament Players Club of Boston trying to save their seasons.As summer winds down for the general population, it heats up for the players in the running for the FedEx Cup championship . The Spaniard Sergio García, who is in his fifth week without a day off from the tournament grind, spoke as if his hard drive were shot even as he continued spitting out low scores.
3	  American Airlines was forced to ground all of its flights for several hours on Tuesday after a nationwide problem with its computer systems. By late afternoon, its computers were back up and its operation were slowly coming back to life.More than 400 flights were canceled and scores more were delayed after a systemwide problem that started around midday and lasted until around:30 p.m. Eastern time. Still, the airline said it expected cancellations and delays to last through the rest of Tuesday as it tried to restore a normal schedule.
4	  WASHINGTON — The refusal by about half the states to expand Medicaid will leave millions of poor people ineligible for government-subsidized health insurance under President Obama's health care law even as many others with higher incomes receive federal subsidies to buy insurance .Starting next month, the administration and its allies will conduct a nationwide campaign encouraging Americans to take advantage of new high-quality affordable insurance options. But those options will be unavailable to some of the neediest people in states like Texas, Florida, Kansas, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi and Georgia, which are refusing to expand Medicaid .
4	 Those are just some of the costs of the 16-day partial government shutdown that ended last month, the Obama administration said in a detailed report released Thursday . The effects may seem small in the context of the $16 trillion economy, but they can add up to less effective government service, and at a higher cost.The report comes as a second shutdown remains a possibility unless Congress can pass a budget or provide more stopgap financing for the government .
3	 Under pressure from federal health regulators, the manufacturer of two popular sports supplements has voluntarily destroyed the inventory of the products, the Food and Drug Administration said on Tuesday.The products made by USPlabs of Dallas, called Jack3d and OxyElite Pro, had a retail value of more than $8 million, the agency said.The action reflects an escalating federal crackdown on workout boosters and fat-burning products that contain an amphetaminelike stimulant called dimethylamylamine, or DMAA for short.In April, the F.D.A. issued a public advisory saying that the stimulant was an illegal dietary ingredient and could pose serious health risks to consumers .
1	  LOS ANGELES — Human beings are born with an innate capacity to learn languages. Yet while mathematics is the language of pattern and form, many people struggle to acquire even its basic grammar.But what if we could experience math directly — just as we experience language by speaking it? Some years ago I founded an organization, the Institute for Figuring, dedicated to the proposition that many ideas in math and science could be approached not just through equations and formulas but through concrete, physical activities .Take fractals, mathematical structures or sets with intermediate dimensionality. Coined by the mathematician Benoit B.
4	 For more than a century, the Boy Scouts of America has had something of a monopoly on neckerchiefs, knot-tying, merit badges and all manner of backcountry skills for boys, treating snakebite and frostbite alike.No more. The protracted debate over whether to allow gay scouts and scout leaders has angered many church leaders and parents across the political and religious spectrums. The result is a surge of enrollments in alternative outdoor and character-building programs that cater to pagans and Pentecostals and everyone in between.
3	  WASHINGTON — Consumer confidence ebbed early this month and retail sales advanced just slightly in August, the latest indications of a lack of momentum in the economy .The sluggish pace of activity was underscored by another report on Friday showing an energy -led rise in wholesale prices last month, but subdued underlying inflation pressures .The soft data, however, was unlikely to deter the Federal Reserve from cutting its huge bond-buying program as early as next week, analysts said. I don't think that's a red flag for the Fed.
3	 THE work starts next month and, once it is complete in about two years, a revitalized.8- acre site at the edge of downtown Austin, Tex., will offer new office spaces, shops and a high-rise apartment complex along Lady Bird Lake.Rising prominently from the center of the site will be the restored Seaholm Power Plant, a massive Art Deco -style structure built in the 1950s that once burned oil and gas to supply much of the city's power . Retail and office tenants will occupy the former plant's,000 square feet of interior space.
1	 Scientists have discovered a snail with a glasslike, translucent shell living half a mile below the surface in Croatia. Just a millimeter across and practically immobile, the snail, Zospeum tholussum, makes its home in a hot, humid cave within the Lukina Jama-Trojama cave system.Alexander Weigand of Goethe-University in Frankfurt, Germany, described the snail in the journal Subterranean Biology.
4	 TUCSON — The parents of Jared L. Loughner, the man who killed six people and wounded 13 others during a meet-and-greet event hosted by former Representative Gabrielle Giffords in, told the authorities after the mass shooting that they had become so concerned about their son's strange behavior in the previous months that they had taken away his shotgun, insisted he get psychological counseling and had even begun to disable his car so that he could not go out at night, according to thousands of pages of documents related to the case released Wednesday .
2	  The Secret Life of Walter Mitty   is a piece so deeply knit into the culture that even many people who have not read the short story could tell you that it is about a very average Joe who flees his banal existence through a trapdoor of the imagination. James Thurber's 1939 tale is a model of economy, a portrait of a hapless man who cycles through heroic fantasies as he goes about the quotidian business of his day.
0	  FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — There were still 20 minutes of football to be played at Gillette Stadium when the game ended . Exploding fireworks, euphoria in the stands, all zeros on the clock — confirmation of it all would come soon enough, and indeed it did.But only after a moment that was as decisive as it was counterintuitive: a defensive end — not a running back, not a tight end, not a wide receiver — made the catch that ushered the New England Patriots into the A.F.C. championship game .
0	  BOSTON — When he got the call to the pennant race on Tuesday, Brendan Ryan was studying a lineup. Not the batting order of the Houston Astros, the team his Seattle Mariners would be facing that night at Safeco Field . His fantasy football team . We play two teams a week, and I went 0-2 the first week,  Ryan said.  I was kind of bummed by that because we had a good week, too. Just bad luck .
3	 PARIS — A French court has ordered Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, to appear at a hearing next month connected to an investigation of her handling of a financial scandal when she was the French finance minister .On Thursday, Ms. Lagarde's lawyer confirmed the court summons, which was first reported late Wednesday by the news Web site Mediapart.The investigation, which has included a police raid of Ms.
0	 (Reuters) - Former Newcastle United manager Joe Kinnear has been approached by the Premier League club to become its new director of football on a three-year deal, he said on Sunday.Kinnear was appointed at St James' Park after Kevin Keegan left the club in September 2008 but stepped aside in early 2009 due to heart problems. I'm as fit as a fiddle now. I'm delighted with the situation,  the 66-year-old former Ireland international told Sky Sports News. I wanted to get my teeth into something in the Premiership . I think I am ideal for this situation.
3	 Sales of new single-family homes fell in the United States in December, although the median sales price rose and the sector still appears to be a bright spot in the country's economic recovery .The Commerce Department said on Friday that sales dropped.3 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted,000-unit annual rate . That was below analysts' forecasts of a,000-unit annual pace . Government data for new home sales are subject to substantial revisions. Indeed, the Commerce Department raised its estimate for sales in November by,000, to a,000-unit rate, making the pace of sales in November the fastest since April.
3	 With Washington State on the verge of a ballot initiative that would require labeling of some foods containing genetically engineered ingredients and other states considering similar measures, some of the major food companies and Wal-Mart, the country's largest grocery store operator, have been discussing lobbying for a national labeling program.Executives from PepsiCo, ConAgra and about 20 other major food companies, as well as Wal-Mart and advocacy groups that favor labeling, attended a meeting in January in Washington convened by the Meridian Institute, which organizes discussions of major issues.
0	 To summarize: Trent Richardson went from a first-round stud running back to a complete bust ; the top receiver Reggie Wayne was lost for the season after seven weeks; and quarterback Andrew Luck's consistency has fluctuated throughout the season.But through it all, the Colts are 8-5 and have plenty left to play for, which is good news in terms of fantasy football . The best bet for fantasy owners in this all-important fantasy playoff week is Luck, who regained his elite form in Week 14 with 326 yards and 4 touchdowns against a tough Bengals secondary.
1	 If the new mathematics standards adopted by New York and 44 other states work as intended, then children, especially in the lower elementary grades, will learn less math this year.But by cutting back on a hodgepodge of topics and delving deeper into central concepts, the hope is that the children will understand it better.So, for Mayra Baldi, a kindergarten teacher at P.S. 169 in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, that will mean focusing on numbers.  You have to deepen their understanding,  she said.  You have to get them to think more.
0	  WIMBLEDON, England — Fans who came to the All England Club on Friday probably could be forgiven if they thought they were getting the leftovers.After Roger Federer, Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova joined Rafael Nadal on the sideline Wednesday, many of the players remaining in the bottom half of the men's and women's draws might have sent even knowledgeable tennis fans to Google .Fans needed only to look at the order of play on Centre Court to see the waning star power of the tournament.
1	 Will 2014 be the year that the Internet is reined in?When Edward J. Snowden, the disaffected National Security Agency contract employee, purloined tens of thousands of classified documents from computers around the world, his actions — and their still-reverberating consequences — heightened international pressure to control the network that has increasingly become the world's stage. At issue is the technical principle that is the basis for the Internet, its  any-to-any  connectivity. That capability has defined the technology ever since Vinton Cerf and Robert Kahn sequestered themselves in the conference room of a Palo Alto, Calif.
3	 The nuclear industry is wrestling with that question as it tries to determine whether problems at reactors, all designed in the 1960s and 1970s, are middle-aged aches and pains or end-of-life crises .This year, utilities have announced the retirement of four reactors, bringing the number remaining in the United States to. Three had expensive mechanical problems but one, Kewaunee in Wisconsin, was running well, and its owner, Dominion, had secured permission to run it an additional 20 years. But it was losing money, because of the low wholesale price of electricity .
0	 (Reuters) - Twente Enschede's Luc Castaignos notched his ninth league goal of the season in a 3-1 home win over Go Ahead Eagles as they moved top of the Dutch league on Saturday.His effort came between Felipe Gutierrez's opener and Dusan Tadic's third as Twente moved to 33 points, taking over on goal difference from Vitesse Arnhem who play NAC Breda on Sunday.NEC Nijmegen remain bottom despite coming from two goals down after 11 minutes to beat Roda JC Kerkrade 4-3 at home.Soren Rieks scored twice while Marnick Vermijl and Kevin Conboy also got on the scoresheet.
3	 SHANGHAI — As China's smog levels crept past record highs in early December, the phone lines at the pollution -busting kit maker Broad Group lit up with Chinese customers worried about the hazardous pollution levels that have gripped China this past year.China's government is struggling to meet pollution reduction targets and has pledged to spend more than 3 trillion renminbi, or almost $500 billion, to tackle the problem, creating a growing market for companies that can help increase energy efficiency and lower emissions .
4	  WASHINGTON — A privacy rights group plans to file an emergency petition with the Supreme Court on Monday asking it to stop the National Security Agency 's domestic surveillance program that collects the telephone records of millions of Americans .The group, the Electronic Privacy Information Center, says it is taking the extraordinary legal step of going directly to the Supreme Court because the sweeping collection of the phone records of American citizens has created  exceptional circumstances  that only the nation's highest court can address.
0	 NEWPORT, Wales — Gregory Bourdy birdied his last three holes Sunday to end a four-year winless drought with a two- shot victory at the Wales Open.The Frenchman started Sunday three shots behind Peter Uihlein of the United States but had a good start with an eagle at the par-5 second hole. He finished even stronger with birdies at 16 and 17 before holing a 15- foot putt at the last for a 67 and an 8-under total of. Uihlein birdied 15 and 17 but needed another one at the 18th to force a playoff.
0	 LONDON — A defiant David Moyes remained hopeful of keeping champions Manchester United in the Premier League title race despite seeing his team lose 1-0 to Newcastle United on Saturday, their second home defeat in four days.Newcastle's win, which arrived courtesy of a neat side-footed finish from France midfielder Yohan Cabaye in the 61 st minute, was the north-east club's first at Old Trafford in 41 years. Manchester United were also beaten 1-0 by Everton, Moyes's former team, on Wednesday but Alex Ferguson's successor as manager refused to write off his chances of retaining the crown.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — Soon after one of his prosecutors was shot and killed here in January, the district attorney in this rural county outside Dallas, Mike McLelland, told colleagues that he believed the victim was the target of a specific disgruntled defendant whom his office had successfully prosecuted.Eight weeks later, early on a Saturday at the end of March, a gunman or gunmen entered Mr. McLelland's red-brick home and shot him and his wife multiple times . In the days after the couple were killed, investigators have been increasingly focusing on the theory that Mr.
2	 Consider this year's glut of disaster films —   World War Z,   Olympus Has Fallen,    White House Down  and   Pacific Rim   — not to mention their city-smashing superhero counterparts (  Iron Man,    Man of Steel, or the dystopian voids ( After Earth,   Oblivion. Our enchantment with annihilation, be it from exotic astronomical event or mundane villainy, is powerful, and kaleidoscopic.
3	 What's the rush? For all the white-knuckled wrangling over spending cuts set to start on Friday, the fundamental partisan argument over how to fix the government's finances is not about the immediate future. It is about the much longer term : how will the nation pay for the care of older Americans as the vast baby boom generation retires? Will the government keep Medicare spending in check by asking older Americans to shoulder more costs ? Should we raise taxes instead?It might not be a good idea to try to resolve these questions quite so urgently.
2	 Marian McPartland, who died on Tuesday at, was an erudite jazz pianist whose career stretched back to the heyday of 52nd Street. But she will be best remembered for  Marian McPartland's Piano Jazz,  the public radio show she hosted for more than 30 years, featuring duets and conversation with an array of musicians.Some of those guests, like Eubie Blake, were her elders, others her accomplished peers. And some grew up listening to the show.
1	  SEATTLE — Like mariners scanning the horizon from the crow's nest, scientists have for years been on the lookout in the Pacific Northwest for signs that a dreaded salmon-killing disease, scourge to farmed salmon in other parts of the world, has arrived here, threatening some of the world's richest wild salmon habitats. Most say there is no evidence.But for years, a biologist in Canada named Alexandra Morton — regarded by some as a visionary Cassandra, by others as a misguided prophet of doom — has said definitively and unquestionably that they are wrong.
4	 Teresa Heinz Kerry, the wife of Secretary of State John Kerry, became ill with a serious medical condition during a vacation on Nantucket on Sunday and was flown to a hospital in Boston for emergency treatment, the State Department said.Mrs. Heinz Kerry, 74, grew sick while staying at the family's vacation home on the Massachusetts island and was in critical condition. She appeared to have a seizure of some kind, according to one person informed about the situation. An ambulance was summoned to the house around:30 p.m. and left shortly afterward for Nantucket Cottage Hospital.
4	  WASHINGTON — On the first day of its new term, the Supreme Court heard arguments in a case arising from one of the most brazen frauds in recent history, the $7 billion Ponzi scheme orchestrated by R. Allen Stanford .Mr. Stanford was convicted last year of running the scheme over more than two decades, offering fraudulent high-interest certificates of deposit at the Stanford International Bank, which was based on the Caribbean island of Antigua. He was sentenced to 110 years in prison . Investors, unable to get their money back from Mr.
3	 I'VE worked in baseball most of my career. When I was in junior high and high school I worked as a vendor at Fenway Park . After college, I was with the Yankees for about five years and now for about the past 19 years I've been with the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Most of my travel involves seeing sponsors, fund-raising, meeting with the Hall of Fame players and collecting artifacts for the museum.
3	 FOSHAN, China — Volkswagen plans to double production capacity at a newly opened factory in the southern Chinese city of Foshan, its chief executive for China said on Wednesday.Volkswagen, the top European carmaker, is attempting to grab more market share in a region dominated by Japanese rivals .VW officially opened the plant in southern Guangdong Province, which it operates under a venture with the state-owned FAW Group. The plant, capable of producing,000 vehicles a year, recently started to make the redesigned Volkswagen Golf .
3	 After a clamor from some patients and doctors, the Food and Drug Administration announced on Friday that it would allow sales to resume of a leukemia drug that was temporarily withdrawn from the market for causing potentially deadly side effects.Sales of the drug, Iclusig, from Ariad Pharmaceuticals, were suspended on Oct. 31 after the F.D.A. concluded that the medicine increased the risk of heart attacks, strokes, blindness, amputations and death.But Ariad and the F.D.A. said the drug could again be marketed, though for a somewhat narrower patient population. There will also be stronger warnings about the side effects.
4	  WASHINGTON — Just hours after a national address promising  no whitewash  of Watergate, President Richard M. Nixon privately urged his new attorney general not to appoint a special prosecutor and suggested that a former aide avoid questions by asserting national security .A series of secret tapes released on Wednesday, the final ones to be made public, shed new light on Nixon's efforts to stanch the mushrooming scandal in the spring of.
4	  WASHINGTON — White House officials were first notified on April 16 about an investigation into Internal Revenue Service scrutiny of conservative groups and discussed its potential findings with the Treasury Department but never told President Obama, the White House said Monday.The Treasury Department's legal office informed the White House counsel's office about the nearly finished I.R.S. audit along with other reviews nearly a month before its release, the White House said.
3	  WASHINGTON — An independent telecommunications lawyer filed a petition with the Federal Communications Commission on Tuesday, claiming that Verizon Wireless had vastly understated the amount it collected from false data charges on customer bills when it agreed to refund the levies in.The lawyer, Arthur V. Belendiuk, of Washington, said in a petition for investigation that Verizon and F.C.C. documents obtained through a Freedom of Information request contained evidence indicating that the company might have taken $240 million or more from the false charges, more than four times the almost $53 million it agreed to refund.A Verizon spokesman, Torod B.
3	 I STARTED flying quite a bit for business around. I used to work for a public policy group and I had to go to a ton of meetings. It wasn't really hands-on, and I really wanted to do more with my career.When I became president of the American Humane Association, it was exactly the kind of position I wanted. I mean, really, how can you go wrong working to protect children and animals? And in terms of being hands-on and making a difference, it's been absolutely wonderful.
0	  SAN JOSE, Calif. — Joe Thornton set the tone for the San Jose Sharks with a dominant first period. After that, the Sharks did their best to hang on and tie up their playoff series against the Los Angeles Kings .Thornton set up Brent Burns' first- period goal and Logan Couture added a power-play goal early in the second to give the Sharks just enough offense to beat the Kings 2-1 Tuesday night to knot their series at two games. He's our leader for a reason,  Burns said of Thornton.  Everybody keeps saying it.
4	  Leaders of the Republican establishment, alarmed by the emergence of far-right and often unpredictable Tea Party candidates, are pushing their party to rethink how it chooses nominees and advocating changes they say would result in the selection of less extreme contenders.The push comes as the national Republican Party is grappling with vexing divisions over its identity and image, and mainstream leaders complain that more ideologically-driven conservatives are damaging the party with tactics like the government shutdown .The debate intensified on Wednesday after Kenneth T.
0	  ATLANTA — Braves outfielder Justin Upton has left the game against the Marlins because of cramping in his left hamstring .Upton flexed his left leg after running to first base Sunday on an unsuccessful sacrifice bunt attempt in the fifth inning. Marlins catcher Koyie Hill threw out Mike Minor at third base as Upton reached on the fielder's choice .Upton was removed from the game. His older brother, B.J. Upton, entered the game as a pinch-runner . Freddie Freeman followed with a three-run homer off Henderson Alvarez that gave Atlanta a 4-3 lead.
3	  HONG KONG — The Swiss food company Nestlé and its French rival, Danone, say they are cutting their prices of infant formula in China after Beijing began an investigation into possible price-fixing and anticompetitive behavior in the sale of milk powder .Wyeth Nutrition, which Nestlé bought last year, said this week that it had been cooperating with the investigation by the National Development and Reform Commission of China and was responding by cutting prices and improving sales and marketing practices.
4	  DENVER — The authorities in Colorado were seeking two white supremacists late Wednesday in connection with the killing of the executive director of the state's prison system, Tom Clements . Deputies were looking for the men, James Lohr, 47, and Thomas Guolee, 31, to see what sort of contact they may have had with Evan Ebel, who is suspected of fatally shooting Mr. Clements at his home in Monument last month, said Paula Presley, the undersheriff in El Paso County.Mr. Ebel was connected to the same white-supremacist prison gang, known as the 211 Crew, as the men were.
0	  TORONTO — The first question posed to Blue Jays Manager John Gibbons in his office Tuesday afternoon dripped with extra meaning. John, where were you for Joe Carter's home run in '?  he was asked.Gibbons leaned back in his chair and smiled. A blank white calendar, no wins circled or losses crossed, hung on the wall behind him. This was hours before opening night at Rogers Centre, and anticipation for baseball in Toronto felt perhaps as high as it has been since Carter's home run gave Toronto its second straight World Series title .At:37 p.m.
4	 The president may escape collateral damage if the ambitious deal reached Saturday between the United States and Russia holds and Syria relinquishes its chemical weapons . Despite the conventional wisdom, Mr. Obama did a pretty good job last week of threading the needle between the imperative to respond to the gassing of civilians by President Bashar al-Assad's government and the overwhelming desire of Americans not to get bogged down in another fight.The White House says that what matters is the outcome, not the process.
3	  DETROIT — The engineers working on Honda's new Acura MDX luxury sport utility vehicle were obsessed with giving customers more — more space in the rear seat, more fuel economy from a high-tech engine, and above, all, more apps, maps and connectivity.But there was one feature they wanted less of: buttons .In an effort to simplify the newest Honda vehicle, which went on sale in June, the product team was determined to streamline the instrument panel . For the new MDX model, more than 30 buttons have been eliminated.
0	  MILWAUKEE — Scott Feldman pitched six solid innings, Anthony Rizzo had a key two-run single and the Chicago Cubs held on to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5-4 on Wednesday night .Feldman (7-6) gave up just three runs and six hits while striking out three and walking none for his first victory this season against an NL Central Division opponent . He retired 11 of the last 14 batters he faced .Kevin Gregg got the last three outs for his 12th save in 12 chances.
2	 Next Sunday at Carnegie Hall, Mr. Levine conducts the Met Orchestra in what should be a revealing and rewarding program: the Prelude to Act I of Wagner's  Lohengrin; Beethoven's Fourth Piano Concerto, with the pianist Evgeny Kissin, who has given some of his most penetrating performances with Mr. Levine; and Schubert's magisterial Symphony No. 9 in C.This will be Mr. Levine's first performance in over two years.
0	  ATLANTA — A high fever all but ended Adam Scott's bid to win the Tour Championship and FedExCup honours on Saturday.Drained of energy, the Australian needed an intravenous drip just to start his third round at East Lake and was unable to play at his best.The Masters champion shot five over par for his first nine holes to quickly tumble down the leaderboard and although he improved on the back nine, it was too little, too late.
4	  WASHINGTON — Energy Department officials will shake hands and exchange congratulations with Russian representatives at a Port of Baltimore dockside ceremony on Tuesday as a freighter from St . Petersburg is to arrive with the final shipment of enriched uranium that was once intended for Soviet warheads . The uranium will be turned into fuel for American power reactors, completing a 20-year program, called Megatons to Megawatts, that has eliminated enough highly enriched uranium to fuel about,000 warheads .
3	  WASHINGTON — The government has fined Delta Air Lines,000 for bumping some passengers involuntarily, without offering compensation or seeking volunteers first.Airlines sometimes sell too many tickets for a flight, and have to move, or  bump,  them to a later flight. If travelers do not volunteer, the airline has to compensate them.The Transportation Department said Wednesday that in March 2012 it visited the Atlanta headquarters of Delta and reviewed 310 complaints about how it handled overbookings from November 2010 to January.
3	 American manufacturing expanded in October at its fastest pace in years despite a partial federal shutdown for part of the month, according to one industry report. But a separate reading cast doubt on the strength of growth in factory activity .The Institute for Supply Management said on Friday that its index of national factory activity rose to.4 in October, its best showing since April.The financial data firm Markit said its final Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index for the United States stood at.8 last month, beating the preliminary October reading but notching the worst final showing since October.
2	  MINNEAPOLIS — By the end of a disastrous week, classical music fans in this city sorely needed something positive to hang onto, however fleetingly. And, happily, they got momentary relief over the weekend in three concerts by the players of the Minnesota Orchestra, conducted by Osmo Vanska.This latest sequence in the saga of the 110-year-old orchestra, which has worked under illustrious maestros like Eugene Ormandy, Dimitri Mitropoulos and Antal Dorati, will go down as a sad chapter in the history of American ensembles: on Sept.
3	  MILAN — The holding company that controls 30 percent of Fiat said on Monday that it had sold its stake in a Swiss company, a move analysts said was to help prepare for Fiat's eventual purchase of the rest of Chrysler.The holding company, Exor, which is run by a member of Fiat's founding Agnelli family, said it had sold its 15 percent stake in SGS, a Swiss inspection and testing company, to the Belgian conglomerate Groupe Bruxelles Lambert for 2 billion euros, or.6 billion.
4	 By the time he was, the boy from rural South Carolina had already had more trouble than any child should.But there was more to come. This time, it would come not from the crumbling family that failed to care for him but from a state that had pledged to be his guardian.The boy's unhappy history in state care, laid out in a recent lawsuit, highlights only some of the problems in how South Carolina cares for children who are neglected or abused.
3	  BEIJING — Walmart, the world's biggest retailer, is expanding its business in China as it seeks to raise profitability in a slowing retail sector .At a news conference here on Thursday, the company announced plans to open as many as 110 facilities in China from 2014 to, in addition to the 30 it opened this year.Walmart has closed 11 stores in the country and is looking to shutter 15 to 30 more in the next 18 months, said Greg Foran, chief executive of Walmart China .
4	  WASHINGTON — The minister selected by President Obama to deliver the benediction at his inaugural withdrew Thursday from the program, putting a quick end to a developing controversy over a sermon he gave in the 1990s in which he called on Christians to fight the  aggressive agenda  of the gay-rights movement .The minister, the Rev. Louie Giglio, said in a statement that he would  continue to pray regularly for the president  — including on Inauguration Day — but did not want to become a distraction.
0	  MANCHESTER, England (AP) — As red-and-white ticker tape flew into the rainy sky above Old Trafford, a beaming Alex Ferguson hoisted up the Premier League trophy for a 13th and final time.Behind Britain's most successful soccer manager stood his jubilant squad of players, dancing to a soundtrack of  Champions, Champions  being belted out by more than,000 fans.It was the end of an era at Manchester United on Sunday as Ferguson coached his final home match for a club he has led for nearly 27 years. And he had a 38th piece of major silverware to celebrate.
4	  BOSTON — Stephen Flemmi, in his third day of testimony in the trial of his former partner in crime, James (Whitey) Bulger, was having a bad day on the witness stand.He started off on Monday by naming the wrong brother of one of his victims as someone who was a drug addict and a government informer, prompting an expletive-laced outburst from the brother, who was seated in the courtroom; Mr. Flemmi appeared somewhat shaken and immediately apologized.
0	  DES MOINES, Iowa — Melsahn Basabe had a season-high 15 points and No. 23 Iowa cruised past Drake 83-66 on a neutral floor Saturday night .Devyn Marble and freshman Peter Jok each scored 14 for Hawkeyes, who won their fourth straight over the intrastate- rival Bulldogs . Iowa closed the first half on a 10-0 run and never looked back, stretching its lead to 23 points with:18 left.Chris Caird led the Bulldogs (6-2) with 21 points. Their winning streak was snapped at four games. Iowa improved to 57-10 against Drake, which shot just 31 percent in the second half.
0	 AMSTERDAM — PSV Eindhoven had a day of celebrations spoiled by unfashionable SC Cambuur as they were held to a frustrating 0-0 draw at home in the Dutch championship on their 100th birthday on Saturday.They missed a chance to go top and temper the disappointment of their midweek Champions League elimination by AC Milan . PEC Zwolle still lead on 12 points before hosting Utrecht on Sunday. PSV are second with 11 points ahead of Twente Enschede, who drew 1-1 at home to fourth-placed Heerenveen leaving both teams on eight points.
0	 (Reuters) - Marina Erakovic and Lucie Safarova won semi-final matches on Saturday to advance to the singles final of the Bell Challenge in Quebec City.Croatian-born New Zealander Erakovic beat American Christina McHale, before Czech Safarova recovered from a slow start to edge Canadian Eugenie Bouchard . Today was pretty tough,  Erakovic told reporters .  It was very see-saw in the first set and I managed to keep clawing back.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The last space shuttle to soar makes its museum debut this weekend, and it's the belle of NASA's retirement ball.The Atlantis exhibit opens to the public Saturday at Kennedy Space Center, the centerpiece of a $100 million attraction dedicated to the entire 30-year shuttle program.For the first time ever, ordinary Earthlings get to see a space shuttle in a pose previously beheld only by a select few astronauts.Tilted at a deliberate angle of.
0	 PARIS — Sam Querrey said he won Sunday at the French Open because he did not care if he lost.The highest-ranked American on the men's tour, Querrey credited a more positive attitude for a first-round victory over Lukas Lacko of Slovakia, 6-4, 6-4. Merely by winning a match, Querrey equaled his best showing at Roland Garros . I just focused on my attitude out here today and played the best match I've played all year on any surface,  he said.Ranked 20th, Querrey came into the tournament with a 1-3 record during the clay-court season.
4	  WASHINGTON — With the help of a last-minute switch from a  no  to a  yes,  Senate Democrats on Wednesday narrowly overcame a Republican filibuster of President Obama's nominee to lead the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives — a close call that could have unraveled a delicate truce between the two parties .In the end, the Senate voted 53-42 to confirm B. Todd Jones as the first A.T.F. director in seven years, filling the vacancy over strong opposition from conservatives . Democrats and the White House had hoped that Mr.
1	  WASHINGTON — New fossil evidence of the earliest complete skeleton of an ancient primate suggests it was a hyperactive, wide-eyed creature so small you could hold a couple of them in your hand — if only they would stay still long enough.The 55- million -year-old fossil dug up in central China is one of our first primate relatives and it gives scientists a better understanding of the complex evolution that eventually led to us. This tiny monkey-like creature weighed an ounce or less and wasn't a direct ancestor.
3	  BRUSSELS — Falling prices in Germany and France pulled euro zone consumer inflation to a three-year low in April, while imports fell 10 percent in March, as new data showed the depth of the bloc's downturn .The sharp drop in annual consumer inflation to.2 percent, confirmed by the European Union's statistics office, Eurostat, on Thursday, highlights the risk of deflation in the euro zone, which slipped into its longest ever recession at the start of this year.
3	  WASHINGTON — USEC, the sole American company in the uranium enrichment business, said Monday that it would file for bankruptcy early next year, although it hopes to keep operating.The company, which has received $257 million in Energy Department aid in the last two years, is a former government enterprise that the Reagan administration privatized. But like Amtrak and the Postal Service, other quasi-private entities created by the government, USEC has found life in the private sector rough going.It plans to complete testing on prototype centrifuges and build more of them to offer enrichment on a commercial basis.
0	 BERLIN — Werder Bremen have signed Argentine striker Franco Di Santo on a three-year deal as they seek to boost their frontline at the start of the Bundesliga season, the club said on Wednesday.The 24-year-old Di Santo, who has won two caps for Argentina, joined as a free agent after spells in England at Chelsea, Blackburn Rovers and Wigan . We were looking for a robust forward who had experience in the big leagues . We are certain to have found a good solution with Franco,  said Werder sports director Thomas Eichin.
4	 STEUBENVILLE, Ohio — In a case that came to light through social media, the second day in the trial of two high school football stars accused of raping a drunken 16-year-old girl was dominated by text messages unveiled Thursday by the prosecution, recounting the night of the alleged rape and the aftermath.A state forensics investigator, Joann Gibb, methodically quoted from text messages that she said came from the phone of one of the defendants, Trent Mays, 17, and from the phones of friends and classmates.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama has never visited the rugged mountains of Chechnya, but if he digs into one of the novels he bought last weekend,  A Constellation of Vital Phenomena,  he will be transported to a land of unremitting violence and tragedy, where the innocent are caught up in war as often as the guilty.Perhaps Mr. Obama is seeking a deeper understanding of the roots of the ethnic bloodletting after Chechnya vaulted back to the front pages this year with the Boston Marathon bombings . Or perhaps he is thinking about his troubled relationship with Russia.
4	 When Jeff Alling, a family physician, moved to Wise County more than 20 years ago, he was one of only two doctors in the rural North Texas community qualified to deliver babies. Since then, he has delivered more than,000. I've got 12 little babies that I delivered their mothers 18 or 20 years ago, so I'm kind of on my second generation,  he said.But Dr. Alling no longer has a place to deliver babies in the county.
1	 The federal Fish and Wildlife Service proposed Friday to give Endangered Species Act protections to the wolverine, one of the largest and hardiest members of the weasel family, largely because climate change is whittling away its wintry habitat in the northern Rockies .The action was prompted by a lawsuit brought by the Center for Biological Diversity, based in Arizona, and Defenders of Wildlife, whose efforts to get federal protections for the species were rebuffed during the administration of President George W . Bush.About 300 of the elusive animals live and forage in the high mountains of the Northwest.
4	  PHOENIX — It took jurors 15 hours to convict Jodi Arias of first-degree murder in the 2008 killing of a former boyfriend, and less than three hours to deem her eligible for the death penalty . When it came time to decide her punishment, though, they could not agree, leaving the judge no option Thursday afternoon but to declare a mistrial in the penalty phase of the trial.Ms. Arias's guilty verdict stands, regardless of what prosecutors do next.
0	 The sight of Deron Williams zooming around the court Tuesday night sent a jolt through the Nets .After spending several weeks sidelined by injury, he took the conductor's baton and restored melody to the team's discordant ensemble, showing off his innate understanding of the tempos and rhythms that win basketball games . He careened into traffic, deflating the Celtics' defense and creating space for his teammates to exploit in a 104-96 victory.It was only one harmonious night, but it provided a hint of the heights the underachieving Nets may yet reach this season.
3	 With 787 Dreamliners grounded around the world, Boeing is scrambling to devise a technical fix that would allow the planes to fly again soon, even as investigators in the United States and Japan are trying to figure out what caused the plane's lithium-ion batteries to overheat.Ray LaHood, the transportation secretary, made it clear on Friday that a rapid outcome was unlikely, saying that 787s would not be allowed to fly until the authorities were,000 percent sure  they were safe. Those planes aren't flying now until we have a chance to examine the batteries,  Mr. LaHood told reporters .
4	  WASHINGTON — Since he resigned as director of the Central Intelligence Agency last November after acknowledging an extramarital affair, David H. Petraeus has all but vanished from the national scene.But in a speech on Tuesday night, Mr. Petraeus will seek to open a new chapter in his career — one that carves out a role for himself as a voice on energy, economic and veterans issues and in the private sector .Mr. Petraeus's speech, which will take place at an event honoring veterans and the R.O.T.C.
3	  WASHINGTON — Four years ago, Congress rejected the idea of a cap-and-trade system to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by putting a price on them. But the plan announced by the Environmental Protection Agency on Friday to regulate emissions from existing coal-fired power plants could foster creation of such a system, at least on a regional basis, and a push for renewable energy and energy efficiency in states that so far have embraced neither.It could also leave the business of carbon regulation in the hands of states that do not recognize climate change as a pressing issue.The E.P.A.
0	 In a decision that may end a long struggle over the Sacramento Kings, N.B.A. owners voted on Wednesday to prevent the team from moving to Seattle .The decision was expected, because the league's relocation committee recommended several weeks ago that the owners not let the team leave Sacramento .In January, an investment group led by Chris Hansen struck a deal to buy the 65 percent of the team, which is owned by the Maloof family .
4	 A Pennsylvania appeals court on Thursday overturned the criminal conviction of a Roman Catholic official who was accused of covering up sexual abuses by priests he supervised. The court rejected the legal basis for a prosecution that was viewed as a milestone in holding senior church officials accountable for keeping abuse reports secret in past decades and transferring predatory priests to unwary new parishes .The official, Msgr. William J. Lynn of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, has spent 18 months in prison, but was not released and now must apply for bail .
0	 The day after the Jets ' season ended, cornerback Darrelle Revis said he expected to play for the team in. More than that, Revis said that he wanted to lead the Jets' return to prominence and that there was  nowhere else  he would rather be.When the Jets open their season Sept. 8 at MetLife Stadium, Revis will be present — but as a member of the visiting team, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who acquired him in a deal that started steaming toward inevitability a few weeks after Revis affirmed his allegiance to the Jets.
3	 I LOVE airports, hotels and anything involving getting from Point A to Point B. But it wasn't always like that. When I first started out with Belvedere Vodka more than 10 years ago, business travel involved jumping on a train and going to places like Cambridge, Bristol or Exeter to talk to anyone who would listen to me talk about Belvedere. After two years, I guess you could say I graduated from only traveling by train in Britain to traveling by plane throughout Europe and eventually to the Americas, and every place else in the world.
1	  WASHINGTON — The devastation of American honeybee colonies is the result of a complex stew of factors, including pesticides, parasites, poor nutrition and a lack of genetic diversity, according to a comprehensive federal study published on Thursday. The problems affect pollination of American agricultural products worth tens of billions of dollars a year.The report does not place more weight on one factor over another, and recommends a range of actions and further research.Honeybees are used to pollinate hundreds of crops, from almonds to strawberries to soybeans.
2	 Opera and technology have long had an uneasy relationship. The one has always required the other — from the Baroque spectacle of 17th-century operas, with their deus-ex-machina gimmickry, to the stagecraft required to mount any contemporary production of Wagner's  Ring  cycle.Historically, though, opera tended to avoid confronting the technological head-on. Composers stuck to timeworn subjects from literature, myth or history. Machines controlled the staging; they didn't usually appear onstage.But we live with a different set of myths today, and contemporary opera has begun to reflect the age of Mark Zuckerberg and Edward Snowden .
2	 Those questions have been percolating through the worlds of music and dance since the publication of a quietly inflammatory essay by the writer and musician Robert Craft in the June 21 issue of The Times Literary Supplement.Mr. Craft, 89, was Stravinsky's confidant and literary collaborator in his final decades and has for many years written his own accounts of the composer's life and work. His essay appeared on the heels of his latest book,  Stravinsky: Discoveries and Memories  (Naxos, which repeats its most provocative assertions, blending the artistic, historical and personal.Mr.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Space station astronaut Rick Mastracchio may get his Christmas wish for a spacewalk or two because of a broken cooling system.Mastracchio, an experienced spacewalker, said he's more than ready to go out and make repairs, if deemed necessary by Mission Control. Any time you have something like this, it's good news, bad news,  Mastracchio told The Associated Press on Friday. Of course, the bad news is the station's having problems and we have to go out and do a repair. The good news is we have the spare parts . We have the training.
3	 ROME — The Fitch ratings agency cut its assessment of Italy's sovereign credit by a notch on Friday, citing the abrupt emergence of fresh political turmoil that could push one of the euro zone's most pivotal economies, already in a deep slump, into a further slowdown .The lower rating of BBB, down from A- before, was still within Fitch's scale of debt considered to be of investment grade for bondholders . But the agency gave Italy's debt a   negative  outlook .
0	 NEW YORK — Brandon Sutter scored in the third period and then rescued the Penguins with the only goal of the shootout to lift Pittsburgh to a 4-3 victory over the New York Rangers on Wednesday night .Sutter gave the Penguins a 3-1 lead just:01 after Pascal Dupuis snapped a 1-1 tie, but Pittsburgh couldn't hold the edge. It took until the fifth round of the shootout for the deadlock to be broken for good, and the Penguins skated off with their fifth straight victory .
4	  WASHINGTON — A floating home is not a vessel to be regulated under federal admiralty law, the Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday in a colorful decision that featured photographs and the first dissenting opinion in an argued case since the term started in October.The case was closely watched by businesses that operate floating structures like casinos, restaurants and hotels . Structures deemed to be vessels are subject to federal laws and regulations, including ones concerning safety, employment and taxes .The case concerned what Justice Stephen G .
3	  WASHINGTON — Retail sales rose less than expected in June, the latest sign of a slowdown in economic growth that offers a cautionary note to the Federal Reserve as it considers scaling back its monetary stimulus .A separate report on Monday, however, showed factory activity in New York State accelerating in July, bolstering the view of economists that growth was likely to pick up soon.
0	  TORONTO — Chris Davis made his milestone moment matter to the wild card -chasing Orioles . Davis hit his major league -leading 50th home run, a tiebreaking solo shot in the eighth inning, and Baltimore erased a 3-0 deficit to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 5-3 on Friday night, snapping a three-game losing streak . It's nice to have personal goals and to reach your own goals but when the team is winning and you are successful, it makes it that much sweeter,  Davis said.  It was big to come from behind and get the win.
3	 Tammy Williams became a Weight Watchers leader in Texas five years ago after losing 97 pounds in the program. The supplies that she handles fill a bedroom in her home, and she holds four meetings a week advising more than a hundred customers about the diet regimen.The problem, Ms. Williams said, is that she works so many hours and is paid so little.  They know my love for the program, but I can't say we're treated right,  she said.  We are professionals, we have to dress nice, but we are paid less than kids who work at McDonald's.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The morning that a gunman opened fire at the Los Angeles International Airport, killing a security official and wounding two others, Paul Ciancia walked unannounced into a roommate's room and asked for a ride the airport, according to a federal search warrant released by federal prosecutors Monday.The roommate, whose name was not released, knew nothing about Mr. Ciancia's plans and told investigators that he learned of the airport attack only after he returned to his apartment in the San Fernando Valley, about 30 miles northeast of the airport, according to the federal affidavit.
2	 It has become a familiar question backstage at festivals, concert halls or anywhere else that musicians gather on the road: Have you heard that amazing Cuban percussionist in New York City? Pedrito Martínez may not yet be known to the public, but among his peers, he is firmly established as a source of rhythmic delight and inspiration.Fifteen years after arriving from Havana, Mr. Martínez, 40, is a first-call player for recording sessions of all types, and his three- nights-a-week residency at Guantanamera in Manhattan has made that small restaurant-club a favorite hangout for visiting pop, rock and jazz stars.
0	 LONDON — Exactly a year to the day since losing 7-3 at Arsenal, resurgent Newcastle United can move into the top four of the Premier League if they exact revenge for that painful defeat at St James' Park on Sunday.The Gunners head to the north-east to face Alan Pardew's in-form side as league leaders after winning 3-1 at West Ham United on Thursday.Newcastle's 5-1 demolition of nine-man Stoke City on Boxing Day was their eighth win from their last 10 league games and Pardew expects a cracking encounter.  Arsenal are top of the league .
4	  DENVER — Colorado voters on Tuesday rejected one of the most sweeping school- financing measures in the nation this year, according to The Associated Press, deciding that the promise of smaller class sizes, full-day kindergarten and smarter education spending was not worth the price of a tax increase .The vote was a major defeat for teachers' unions and the state's governor, John W. Hickenlooper, a Democrat who campaigned heavily in support of the measure to provide $1 billion mostly for educational improvements.
2	 Peter Gelb, the general manager of the Metropolitan Opera, now says that it was not the most fortunate choice of words when he recently attributed a decline in attendance at the house to the  cannibalization  of the audience by the company's high-definition broadcasts.Yet that comment gained attention because it taps into some reservations that many opera buffs and critics have had since Mr. Gelb began the Met's pioneering venture of bringing live performances to movie theaters with HD screening capacity .In many ways the project, which started in, has been an indisputable success. The Feb.
3	 More evidence of improving job growth helped the stock market post slim gains on Thursday, but it weighed on the bond market, where the yield on the Treasury's 10-year note jumped to 3 percent for the first time in more than two years. The Labor Department reported that the four-week average of applications for unemployment benefits fell to its lowest point since October, two months before the recession officially began. And a survey from the payroll company ADP showed that American businesses added,000 jobs in August.The encouraging news came a day before the government reports on employment growth in August.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — The sun has fired off a massive flare, the strongest solar eruption this year.The powerful flare occurred Sunday and erupted on the side of the sun that was not facing Earth. While the planet was not hit with radiation, space weather forecasters say the solar blast briefly disrupted high-frequency radio signals.Solar outbursts that are directed at Earth can affect communications systems and power grids and also produce colorful auroras.NASA says radiation from the latest flare may stream toward two of its spacecraft, including the Spitzer Space Telescope .
2	 When New York City Opera went belly up recently, many aficionados turned to Gotham Chamber Opera. Like City Opera in its prime, Gotham stands for unusual repertory, creative productions and rising young singers. With intriguing shows in locations that have ranged from the Brooklyn Botanic Garden to a Lower East Side burlesque club, it is an agile, adventurous company that may benefit from audiences and donors freed by City Opera's demise, a silver lining in a storm cloud.
4	 NEWPORT, N.H. — When the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police was looking to raise money for an annual cadet training program, it sold raffle tickets for $30 apiece. The drawing was scheduled for May, but by Jan. 12 all,000 tickets had been sold.The prize: 31 guns, with a new winner drawn each day of the month.
4	  HOUSTON — The former superintendent of an El Paso school district who was sent to prison in one of the country's worst education scandals has received an unexpected reward — a nearly one-year reduction in his prison term .A recent decision by the federal Bureau of Prisons to take 11 months off the sentence of the former superintendent, Lorenzo Garcia, has angered educators, parents and lawmakers in El Paso and has drawn attention to the obscure drug counseling program that has become a popular way for white-collar criminals to reduce their prison time.Mr.
2	 Parasols, crinolines and leather trunks are strictly optional. This month, New Yorkers can embark on the Grand Tour — the cultural pilgrim route through Europe that was once an essential part of a civilized education — without boarding a steamship. On Sept. 17 and, the Metropolitan Museum of Art invites visitors to its newly renovated European painting galleries for after-hours music performances that promise to be eye opening and thought provoking.Four stellar early-music ensembles will perform in four different galleries with the audience following the music from room to room.
4	 A law that allowed death-row inmates to challenge their sentences based on racial bias claims was repealed by the North Carolina legislature on Wednesday, paving the way for executions to resume in a state that has 152 people on death row .The law, the only one of its kind in the country, allowed inmates to use state and county statistics and other material to claim that race played a role in their sentencing.
3	  Stocks rose on Wall Street on Wednesday after corporate earnings reports got off to a good start. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed.66 points to,390.51. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained.87 points to,461.02, and the Nasdaq composite rose 14 to,105.81. Stocks are facing their first big challenge of the year as companies start to report earnings for the fourth quarter of. Throughout last year, analysts cut their outlook for earnings growth in the period and now expect them to rise by.21 percent, according to data from S&P Capital IQ .
4	 During a legislative hearing this year related to hydraulic fracturing, Representative James L. Keffer, Republican of Eastland, made a reference to what he thought was an unfair portrayal of the industry in the film  Promised Land.  My wife's seen it, she didn't like it, so don't go if you haven't,  Mr. Keffer said at the hearing, which featured testimony from oil and gas representatives .Friendliness toward the drilling industry is typical for Texas, where many lawmakers receive campaign contributions from oil and gas groups or have investments in drilling companies .
4	  PHOENIX — A man who opened fire at an office complex here was found dead on Thursday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in the nearby city of Mesa, the police said. One of his victims, a lawyer, was placed on life support and  will not survive,  according to a statement from the firm where he worked.A landscaper found the body of the gunman, Arthur Harmon, before 8 a.m., said Sgt. Tommy Thompson, a spokesman for the Phoenix Police Department . A rented Kia Optima, his getaway car, was parked nearby.On Wednesday, Mr.
3	 AS the director of data for a company called Routehappy, John Walton might be forgiven for putting the very happiest spin on a major airline trend, roping off parts of the coach cabins — or selling the better seats ad hoc — to accommodate those who want more comfort (or, to put it another way, less knee-crunching misery.Routehappy.
4	  MIAMI — Intending to draw a fuller, perhaps more negative portrait of Trayvon Martin, the unarmed teenager who was shot and killed by George Zimmerman in early, a lawyer for Mr. Zimmerman released new material on Thursday that depicted Mr. Martin as troubled at school and enamored of a  gangsta  culture.In a series of text messages from November 2011 to February, Mr. Martin wrote that he had been suspended from school for cutting classes.
2	  Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown,  Shakespeare wrote some 400 years ago, and although crowns are far less abundant now, uneasy heads are everywhere on the world stage . So the audience for the new series   The Hollow Crown   should understand exactly what Henry IV of England means when he speaks that famous line.
4	  HOUSTON — From his perch in hide-outs above battle-scarred Iraq, Chris Kyle earned a reputation as one of America's deadliest military snipers. The Pentagon said his skills with a rifle so terrorized Iraqi insurgents during his four tours of duty that they nicknamed him the  Devil of Ramadi  and put a bounty on his head.The insurgents never collected, and he returned home to become a best-selling author and a mentor to other veterans, sometimes taking them shooting at a gun range near his Texas home as a kind of therapy to salve battlefield scars, friends said.
0	  Denver Broncos Coach John Fox was released from a hospital Friday, four days after having heart surgery in Charlotte, N.C. Fox was resting at his off-season home in Charlotte, the interim head coach Jack Del Rio said after practice. Fox had his aortic valve replaced on Monday. He had hoped to delay the procedure until the off-season, but after he fell ill last weekend, his doctors determined he could no longer wait. I'm feeling better and stronger each day,  he said in a statement released by the team.
1	 NEW YORK — Scientists have a new brain atlas to help them study their favorite organ. It's a digital, three-dimensional model called  BigBrain. Its resolution is finer than a human hair, so it can reveal clusters of brain cells and even some large individual cells. It is being made available to scientists around the world.To make the atlas, researchers sliced a cadaver brain from a 65-year-old woman into,400 thin sections, stained them to reveal tiny features, and photographed each one. Then they used computers to combine the data into a 3-D digital model.
2	  In the solo concerto musical interest is aroused and sustained on the basis of an opposition between one instrument and many,  Abraham Veinus wrote in  The Concerto,  a 1944 study.  In this sense it has been described as a musical reflection of the everyday and ever-engrossing human drama of the individual lost in, emerging from, and pitted against the multitude.  From Vivaldi's groundbreaking  Estro Armonico  of 1711 to today, attributes of theater have adhered to the genre.
3	 What's a Bloomberg ?: A short primer on what these number-crunching machines do, and why they have been at the center of controversy.Most journalists dream of uncovering government corruption, landing a big interview or winning a Pulitzer Prize . But those are not the goals that Thomas F. Secunda, who co-founded Bloomberg L.P. in 1982 with Michael R. Bloomberg, has in mind. The only journalism that matters is the kind that moves markets,  Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama offered a robust defense of newly revealed surveillance programs on Friday as more classified secrets spilled into public, complicating a summit meeting with China's new president focused partly on human rights and cybersecurity .Mr. Obama departed from his script at a health care event in California to try to reassure Americans that he had not abused government authority by collecting telephone call logs and foreigners' e-mail messages.
3	 After years of frustrating fits and starts in the wake of the financial crisis and the Great Recession, the United States economy finally appears to be generating jobs at a healthier, more sustainable pace that many analysts now think will continue into. The official unemployment rate fell in November to its lowest level since . Employers have hired at least,000 workers in three of the last four months, including,000 in November. By contrast, as recently as July, when the economy seemed stuck in yet another summer swoon, only,000 new jobs were created.
0	  MONTREAL — Rafael Nadal was cautious about predicting how his body would hold up in the run-in to the U.S. Open on Wednesday but did reveal that he had not missed the grind of the tennis tour during his absence from the game.The 12- times grand slam champion, who took a break after his shock defeat at Wimbledon, ended his seven week hiatus from singles competition with an impressive two-set win over Canadian wildcard Jesse Levine in the second round of the Rogers Cup .
2	 This was a sound no musician should have to suffer: the destruction of her longtime instrument. In Wu Man 's case, in June, it was a loud crack, heard from her seat as a flight attendant, trying to stow her pipa in a coat closet up front, dropped it, breaking its neck.The pipa is a Chinese lute of ancient origin, with four plucked strings and a pear-shaped body, played upright in the lap . Its back consists of a single heavy piece of wood, exquisitely curved from a rounded bottom to a tapering neck.
3	  A federal appeals court on Tuesday struck down a National Labor Relations Board rule requiring most private sector employers to post a notice informing employees of their right to unionize.Ever since the labor board proposed the rule in December, business groups have asserted that the move exceeded the board's authority and was an improper imposition on nearly six million employers, most of them small businesses .In its decision, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit concluded that the N.L.R.B.
2	 Luis Buñuel began his career as a filmmaker with a Dadaist determination to shock and outrage. He cast himself as the square-jawed dandy who, at the beginning of his first film,  Un Chien Andalou, impassively draws a straight razor across the eyeball of a compliant young woman without troubling to remove the cigarette from his mouth.As he wrote in his introduction to the published version of the script (written with Salvador Dal, Buñuel was disappointed when instead of fleeing the theater in horror and revulsion, the audience actually adored the film and it became something of a hit.
1	  WASHINGTON — Lately, the jet stream isn't playing by the rules. Scientists say that big river of air high above Earth that dictates much of the weather for the Northern Hemisphere has been unusually erratic the past few years .They blame it for everything from snowstorms in May to the path of Superstorm Sandy .And last week, it was responsible for downpours that led to historic floods in Alberta, Canada, as well as record-breaking heat in parts of Alaska, experts say. The town of McGrath, Alaska, hit. Just a few weeks earlier, the same spot was 15 degrees.
4	  WASHINGTON — The House Ethics Committee has opened a formal investigation into Representative Trey Radel, Republican of Florida, who pleaded guilty last month to misdemeanor cocaine possession charges after being arrested in Washington for buying the drug.Mr. Radel was sentenced to a year of probation, and he has taken a leave of absence from Congress to get  intensive inpatient treatment. The Ethics Committee announced on Monday that it had named a four-member special panel, led by Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, to determine whether Mr. Radel broke House ethics rules as a result of his drug habit.
0	 A cold rain fell in sheets at Yankee Stadium through most of Friday night's game, and while the conditions could have made for a slippery outcome for the Yankees, they were, after all, playing the Twins .When these teams meet, whether in chilly rain, blistering sunshine or snow, the Yankees usually find a way to win, and this game was no exception as they beat Minnesota, 2-0.The game was halted for 1 hour 13 minutes in the bottom of the fourth inning, but starter Hiroki Kuroda outlasted the delay.
1	 Boat of Light, Boat of Stone: The Times reporter Henry Fountain takes a look at two vessels: one powered by solar energy, and one made of concrete.But at the National Concrete Canoe Competition, civil engineering students use a material that is normally the stuff of dams and parking garages to build a 20-foot-long craft that will float even if completely swamped.To do so, they replace the gravel and sand of conventional concrete with exotic materials like glass spheres.
3	 Macy's is seeing signs that the holiday shopping season will be strong.The department store chain reported on Wednesday a quarterly profit that handily beat Wall Street expectations, with the company citing revamped advertising and promotions for helping reverse a slip in sales in the previous quarter .Macy's chief financial officer, Karen M. Hoguet, said on a conference call with analysts and investors that traditional gift categories like fine jewelry, cashmere and housewares were selling well. She also noted positive trends for cold weather items like coats, boots and sweaters.
3	 A dozen plastic-topped tables offer room for about 40 patrons. Customers line up outside at lunchtime, waiting to consume spicy noodle soup, dumplings and iced soy milk amid the clatter of plastic bowls and chopsticks.In April, however, the little restaurant, in the heart of Causeway Bay, one of Hong Kong's busiest shopping districts, nearly had to shut down after the landlord tripled the already-expensive rent. We were paying around,000 dollars a month,  said Au Kei-hong, the shop's manager, referring to an amount in Hong Kong dollars equivalent to about,800.  But the landlord then increased it to,000.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Pentagon is moving toward a major expansion of its cybersecurity force to counter increasing attacks on the nation's computer networks, as well as to expand offensive computer operations on foreign adversaries, defense officials said Sunday.The expansion would increase the Defense Department's Cyber Command by more than,000 people, up from the current, an American official said. Defense officials acknowledged that a formidable challenge in the growth of the command would be finding, training and holding onto such a large number of qualified people.
2	 First, Steinway & Sons closed on the sale of its Beaux-Arts Manhattan building on West 57th Street, where the likes of Sergei Rachmaninoff and Vladimir Horowitz once practiced. Three days later, it announced that it was planning to sell the whole company to a private-equity firm that owns more than 15 other medium-size manufacturers, making everything from windshield wipers to sewing machines to coffins.
4	 QUANTICO, Va. — A group of Marine second lieutenants, all men, stood before the ropes on an obstacle course. They looked exhausted, though the day was far from done. One by one, they took their shots at scaling the line. One by one, most of them dropped short of the top. They were already three hours behind the front-runners in their class.Behind them, two more Marines, both women, prepared to start the course. One, a former enlisted Marine who was shivering in the 40-degree breeze, tried repeatedly to surmount the first bar, but failed.
1	 In the pageant of life, we are genetically bloated. The human genome contains around,000 protein-coding genes. Many other species get by with a lot less. The gut microbe Escherichia coli, for example, has just,100 genes.Scientists have long wondered how much further life can be stripped down and still remain alive. Is there a genetic essence of life? The answer seems to be that the true essence of life is not some handful of genes, but coexistence.E. coli has fewer genes than we do, in part because it has a lot fewer things to do.
4	  WASHINGTON — In an institution where seniority has long been prized, Representative John D. Dingell Jr. of Michigan is about to set a new standard with 57 years, 5 months and 26 days of House service — a remarkable tenure that spans more than a quarter of the existence of Congress .On Friday, Mr.
3	 PARIS — The European Union on Thursday agreed to an overhaul of the region's fisheries policy, a deal intended to make commercial fishing more sustainable.While officials hailed it as a landmark agreement, some environmentalists said the deal might not be ambitious enough.The agreement, the first overhaul of the Common Fisheries Policy since, was reached early Thursday by Maria Damanaki, the European fisheries commissioner; Ulrike Rodust, a German member of the European Parliament ; and Simon Coveney, the Irish fisheries minister, on behalf of the European Union's 27 national fishing ministries.
0	  BOSTON — From a spectacular start to a stunning finish, the Chicago Blackhawks put a shine on a tainted National Hockey League season, lifting the Stanley Cup in dramatic fashion on Monday to become the toast of the Windy City.The Blackhawks ended a bruising and riveting battle with the Boston Bruins in dramatic style, scoring twice in the final 76 seconds to steal what seemed an improbable 3-2 victory and take the best-of-seven Final 4-2 over their Original Six rival .
4	  WASHINGTON — Concerned about possible flaws in criminal proceedings against American troops accused of killing or abusing civilians in a war zone, a Defense Department panel has proposed that investigations and prosecutions of crimes be carried out by a senior commander in the theater of combat and not the branch of the armed services in which the accused serves.
2	 Dance lovers, you have one last chance, on Sunday, to catch a performance at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival in Becket, Mass., where the Martha Graham Dance Company and Kyle Abraham's Abraham.In.Motion — both well worth a pilgrimage — close the season there.For Graham fans, two of her pieces,  Diversion of Angels   and the rarely seen   Rite of Spring,  are scheduled, along with  Lamentation Variations,  a suite of dances by Bulareyaung Pagarlava, Richard Move and Larry Keigwin inspired by the famous Graham solo  Lamentation.
2	 There are places Freda Kelly will remember all her life — sights she saw and experiences she gained as the secretary to the Beatles, their fan club and their manager, as well as a friend and trusted confidante of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr for nearly the entire duration of their history-shaping rock group . We were all teenagers together,  said Ms. Kelly, a Liverpool native who saw the Beatles play many early gigs there at the Cavern Club before she was hired by the band's manager, Brian Epstein.
4	  WASHINGTON — As the Supreme Court on Tuesday weighed the momentous question of whether gay and lesbian couples have a constitutional right to marry, six justices questioned whether the case, arising from a California ban on same-sex marriages, was properly before the court and indicated that they might vote to dismiss it. I just wonder if the case was properly granted,  said Justice Anthony M . Kennedy, who probably holds the decisive vote, in a comment that showed a court torn over whether this was the right time and right case for a decision on a fast-moving social issue.
0	  ATLANTA — Paul Millsap knows the Atlanta Hawks won't have an easy time replacing Al Horford .Even so, Millsap was proud that the Hawks held together despite the absence of their leading scorer and rebounder. Everybody's still a little shocked about the situation,  Millsap said.  You could tell. Al's a big part of what we do, but once we shook it off, guys just got out there and played ball.
2	 A trio including the drummer and singer Guillermo E. Brown (he played in David S. Ware's quartet for most of the oughts, the bassist Keith Witty and the French saxophonist Christophe Panzani, collectively called Thiefs, is looking for new ways to extend jazz sound and, to some extent, jazz vocabulary. It combines the sound of trap-set and digital percussion; R&B vocals and squelchy voice-related samples; splintered dance music ; and contemporary, calm, serious melodic improvisation.This record, the band's first, on the Melamine Harmonique label, is cooperatively made, but it bears some connections to what Mr.
3	 Japan's announcement last week that it would not meet its promise to sharply reduce its carbon emissions met a chorus of disapproval from around the world. Delegates at the international climate talks in Warsaw, which end Friday, lamented Japan's move as a blow to worldwide efforts to slow global warming . In the Philippines, which is still collecting the dead from Typhoon Hayan, it served as yet another example of the indifference of the rich world to the plight of the world's poorest nations on the front lines of climate change .
4	 The Obama administration deported,644 foreigners during the 2013 fiscal year, immigration enforcement officials reported on Thursday, 10 percent fewer than in 2012 but nonetheless bringing the total number deported under President Obama to more than.9 million, by far the most for an American president.The officials said 98 percent of those deported fit into one or more of the priority categories set by Immigration and Customs Enforcement : convicted criminals, national security risks, serious immigration offenders and recent border crossers.According to the agency's report, 59 percent had been convicted of a crime, a slight increase from last year.
1	  WASHINGTON — Excessive heat is the No. 1 weather killer in the United States and it's at its most dangerous when it doesn't cool down at night.The current heat wave over California, Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico has temperatures hitting triple digits, with little relief at night. Hot weather is also baking the rest of the far West, including Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and parts of Utah and Montana .Q: What's so disturbing about this current heat wave ?A: It's unrelenting stubbornness. There is no relief at night. Phoenix set a record for highest nighttime temperature: 91.
2	  MANCHESTER, Tenn. — My Bonnaroo this year probably wasn't like anybody else's. It couldn't have been: it sprawled without a clear stylistic center. There were 121 shows of many stripes in four days, not counting the sets on the lesser stages, which would add up to about the same number. Vinyasa sessions, local pulled pork, neurotic comedians talking death and colonics. Films and videos, singalongs, dance-alongs. A campground world with solar-powered solo- electric guitar jams, food trucks, illicit this and that. A workshop called  Build a hula hoop! Appalachian Flow Arts.  A 530-acre principality of all-over-the-place-ness.
4	 A Philadelphia building contractor was charged with murder on Monday in connection with a building collapse in June that killed six people and injured 13 others, the Philadelphia district attorney's office said.R. Seth Williams, the district attorney, said prosecutors had formally charged the contractor, Griffin T. Campbell, 49, with six counts each of third-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter, 13 counts of reckless endangerment, and single counts of criminal conspiracy, risking catastrophe and causing catastrophe.Mr. Williams said a grand jury recommended last week that Mr. Campbell be indicted on the charges .
0	  Lionel Messi scored two goals and set up another Sunday to help mark the debut of Neymar and Coach Gerardo Martino in a 7-0 thrashing of Levante in Barcelona, Spain.After Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring, Messi claimed Barcelona's second goal, stole possession to create the third and passed to Pedro Rodriguez for the fourth.Messi scored his second goal from the penalty spot before Xavi Hernandez made it 6-0 to tie a club record for goals in a first half.
2	 About 10 years ago, the choreographer Lar Lubovitch found himself watching a black-and-white film of an unusual dancer. It showed a slender young man curling up from the floor, then whirling around an empty room, as if discovering how his body moved for the first time.That young man was Mr. Lubovitch, at 19 in his first choreographed work. The film had been discovered by one of his dancers. I didn't know it existed,  Mr. Lubovitch, 70, said recently with a laugh.
4	  WASHINGTON — There has been a remarkable outbreak of harmony at the Supreme Court . Of the seven decisions issued in the last two weeks, six were unanimous.There have been no dissents in more than 60 percent of the 46 cases decided so far this term. At this point last year, the justices were unanimous just 48 percent of the time, according to statistics compiled by Scotusblog. In the two terms before that, 52 percent of the cases decided by now were unanimous.The harmony will dissipate in the final weeks of the term, which will probably conclude in late June.
4	  WASHINGTON — Behind the roiling conversation over whether President Obama might make Janet L. Yellen the first female leader of the Federal Reserve is an uncomfortable reality for the White House : the administration has named no more women to high-level executive branch posts than the Clinton administration did almost two decades ago .The White House has taken steps to even its gender balance in recent months with high-profile nominations like Samantha Power as ambassador to the United Nations and Susan E. Rice as national security adviser .
4	  WASHINGTON — A test launching of an advanced missile-defense interceptor failed to hit its target high over the Pacific Ocean, the Pentagon said on Friday, four months after the Obama administration announced that it would spend $1 billion to increase the number of interceptors along the West Coast in response to verbal threats from North Korea .A brief Defense Department statement issued Friday said a long-range ballistic missile target had been launched from an Army test range in the Marshall Islands, and that an interceptor had been launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California to destroy it.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama 's latest cabinet -level nominees are running into deep resistance in the Senate, pitching Democrats and Republicans into another tense standoff over White House appointments.Just days after Republicans used Senate rules to block two nominees from moving to the next step in the confirmation process despite the fact that both have the support of a majority of senators, Democrats are planning to force committee votes without Republican consent.
0	 NEW ORLEANS — In, when Archie Manning arrived in New Orleans to quarterback the Saints, he quickly became a spokesman for a local Chevrolet dealer and was given a shiny red Corvette. With little hesitation, he began whizzing around town in his new sports car . He was. He was an athlete. He was giddy.He was also, as it turned out, not particularly adept at judging distances. The problem with the Corvette was that its hood was elongated, stretching  like 10 feet out in front of the windshield,  he said.
4	  Millions of Americans visited new online health insurance exchanges as enrollment opened on Tuesday, suggesting a broad national appetite for the affordable coverage that President Obama has promised with his health care law . But many people quickly encountered technological problems that prevented them from getting rates, comparing health plans or signing up. Federal and state officials said that while they knew there was pent-up demand for health coverage, the number of visits to their exchanges was greater than anticipated. Federal officials said more than.8 million people had visited HealthCare.
0	  CHICAGO — Next March will mark the 35th anniversary of the 1979 N.C.A.A. title game between Larry Bird's Indiana State Sycamores and Magic Johnson's Michigan State Spartans . The game remains one of the few instances when the undisputed top two players in college basketball competed against each other, and it is the highest-rated televised college basketball game ever.On Tuesday night, basketball fans caught a glimpse of perhaps the next great individual basketball rivalry that could extend not only into the N.B.A.
4	 INDIANOLA, Iowa — It was not difficult to find Iowa Democrats here on Sunday who just think the world of Vice President Joseph R . Biden Jr . But it was considerably harder to locate one at Senator Tom Harkin's annual steak fry fund-raiser, where Mr. Biden gave the keynote address, who was willing to fully commit support to the vice president at what may have been the unofficial kickoff of his third presidential campaign .
3	  HONG KONG — A company listed in Hong Kong that is caught up in a corruption investigation focused on China's biggest state-owned oil conglomerate said on Thursday that Chinese investigators had questioned it about projects, seized documents and frozen some bank accounts .The company, Wison Engineering Services, disclosed the details in an announcement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange . They are the latest public signs of a spreading corruption inquiry that has brought down one senior Chinese Communist Party official, Jiang Jiemin, and encroached on Zhou Yongkang, the retired head of China's powerful domestic security administration .
3	 LELYSTAD, Netherlands — On an open plain in front of us are hundreds of horses. Most of them are gray with black manes and tails. Their heads look more like those of their wild cousins, zebras, than those of riding horses. Some even show what may be a vestigial stripe on their flanks. We could be in the Serengeti,  says Hans Breeveld, my guide, referring to the plain in Tanzania that is a haven to wildlife.Well, we almost could. To the north we encounter another big group of large animals, this time red deer does with their young.
2	 NEWARK — The costumes were all wrong for  Andrea Chénier.  At the center of the action were men in white protective suits, not tailcoats and breeches, and they were aiming high-pressure hoses at pieces of the set. Not one of them sang a note.This was not the Metropolitan Opera's usual  Chénier.
3	 BAYONNE, N.J. — The most expensive hospital in America is not set amid the swaying palm trees of Beverly Hills or the luxury townhouses of New York's Upper East Side .It is in a faded blue-collar town 11 miles from Midtown Manhattan .Based on the bills it submits to Medicare, the Bayonne Medical Center charged the highest amounts in the country for nearly one-quarter of the most common hospital treatments,  according to a New York Times analysis of 2011 data, the most recent available. No other hospital was at the top of the price list more often.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama offered a robust defense of newly revealed surveillance programs on Friday as more classified secrets spilled into public, complicating a summit meeting with China's new president focused partly on human rights and cybersecurity .Mr. Obama departed from his script at a health care event in California to try to reassure Americans that he had not abused government authority by collecting telephone call logs and foreigners' e-mail messages.
0	  PITTSBURGH — Jeff Locke ran his personal winning streak to eight games, Pedro Alvarez hit a three-run homer and the Pittsburgh Pirates hung on to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6-5 Wednesday night .Locke (8-1) was scored upon for the first time in four home starts but extended his unbeaten streak to 16 outings. Locke, who hasn't lost since his first start of the season, allowed two earned runs on seven hits and three walks over 5 2-3 innings.The Pirates took the lead with a four-run fifth punctuated by Alvarez's 21 st home run .
4	 The stores play religious music. Employees get free spiritual counseling. But they do not get free insurance coverage for some contraceptives, even though President Obama's health care law requires it. Hobby Lobby, a corporation, says that forcing it to provide the coverage would violate its religious beliefs . A federal appeals court agreed, and the Supreme Court is set to decide on Tuesday whether it will hear the Obama administration's appeal from that decision or appeals from one of several related cases.
0	 HARRISON, N.J. — The Red Bulls have won nothing. The Red Bulls finished No. 1 over all in Major League Soccer, but the Red Bulls have won nothing. The Red Bulls won the league's Supporters Shield on Sunday night at Red Bull Arena.They have won nothing but a piece of silverware, the first in club history. Now, five games stands between the club and its first league championship .
4	  WASHINGTON — John Kerry is practically home alone at the State Department, toiling without permanent assistant secretaries of state for the Middle East, Asia, Europe and Africa. At the Pentagon, a temporary personnel chief is managing furloughs for,000 civilian employees . There has not been a director of the Internal Revenue Service since last November, and it was only on Thursday that President Obama announced a nomination for commerce secretary after the job was open for nearly a year.
3	 MADRID — In the arid Spanish Mediterranean city of Torrevieja, Europe's biggest desalination plant stands idle six years after construction began. The plant is finished; it just needs a power hookup to operate at full capacity . But it has few buyers for its water and would cost too much to run.The Torrevieja plant cost about €300 million, or $408 million, to build and has a capacity of 220 million cubic meters, or.7 billion cubic feet, a day.
2	 Trisha Brown, a dance experimentalist of the 1960s and '70s who went on to help define contemporary dance performance, has decided to withdraw from leading the company she founded because of health problems but has given her blessing to its continued existence, her associates said on Thursday.Ms. Brown, 76, had a series of mini-strokes in the past several years, although she was choreographing as recently as the fall of 2011 and was active at the company until last summer, said Barbara Dufty, executive director of the Trisha Brown Dance Theater .
0	  Corey Crawford made 28 saves and Andrew Shaw scored the only goal as the Chicago Blackhawks stretched their N.H.L.-record, season-opening point streak to 18 games with a 1-0 victory over the visiting Columbus Blue Jackets on Sunday night .Crawford, who had been out with an upper-body injury since Feb. 12, posted his second shutout this season, and Shaw provided all the offense in the second period for the Blackhawks, who have not lost in regulation this season and have earned 33 of 36 possible points.The Blackhawks also are 9-0-3 in games decided by one goal.
3	 AS hybrid securities, preferred stocks fill a useful niche between stocks and bonds, paying high dividends. Yet they are often ignored when building an income portfolio.As interest rates have climbed in recent months, though, you have to be careful about buying preferred shares . While they are worthwhile additions to retirement portfolios, you have to be aware of their risk profile.The main benefit of preferred shares is that they generally offer superior yields to bonds and common-stock dividends.
3	 The stock market rose on Thursday after positive data about the job market was released, with the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Dow Jones industrial average snapping five-day losing streaks.But the gains were limited as investors continued to worry whether Washington lawmakers would manage to avoid a government shutdown and a possible federal debt default .Initial claims for unemployment benefits dropped last week near a six-year low, the Labor Department said, a development that could bode well for employers adding workers to their payrolls .
3	  WASHINGTON — Among the conditions imposed on most people who borrow money to buy a house, maintaining property insurance is one of the most common. If a borrower lets such a policy lapse, the lender will often protect its investment by purchasing a policy and billing the homeowner for it.That practice, known as force-placed or lender -placed insurance, has recently attracted the attention of federal and state regulators, who say that the policies often have premiums that are considerably higher than the policies they replace and might impose abusive costs on homeowners.
0	 LONDON — Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Cristiano Ronaldo and Yaya Touré play the same sport . They are rich. They are world renowned. And in different performances on Wednesday they all left their mark on the Champions League .Ibrahimovic and Ronaldo showed, again, that they are among the tournament's greatest goal scorers.Touré had to show, again, that players of his stature are no longer prepared to be the meek and silent victims of racist taunts in the stadium.The beauty of the strikers. The hatred of the mob.
2	 The set, inside the cavernous studio on Chelsea Piers in Manhattan, is meant to represent the bunkerlike headquarters of a polished Chinese techno-gangster who has a relationship with the criminal mastermind Raymond Reddington, now — for murky reasons unknown to both the gangster and the audience — aligned with the F.B.I.Reddington, the main character in the coming and much-anticipated new NBC drama  The Blacklist,  is, at this moment, wearing a light-green short-sleeved shirt and brown walking shorts. He looks more like a U.P.S. delivery man than the scourge of American law enforcement .
3	 Big Data Hits Real Life : Brick-and-mortar stores are looking for a chance to catch up with their online competitors by using software that allows them to watch customers as they shop, and gather data about their behavior.Like dozens of other brick-and-mortar retailers, Nordstrom wanted to learn more about its customers — how many came through the doors, how many were repeat visitors — the kind of information that e-commerce sites like Amazon have in spades. So last fall the company started testing new technology that allowed it to track customers' movements by following the Wi-Fi signals from their smartphones .
0	  LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Arizona general manager Kevin Towers had been talking trade with Chicago White Sox GM Rick Hahn for a month when he arrived at the winter meetings last weekend and sent a text to Angels counterpart Jerry Dipoto. Can I get your attention in that Trumbo deal for Skaggs and Eaton?  he remembered writing. Sure, why don't you come down and talk?  Dipoto quickly replied, according to Towers.Two days later, a three-team trade fell into place.
4	  WASHINGTON — For 36 years, elections for governor of Virginia have unfailingly followed this pattern: whichever political party holds the White House loses.But despite President Obama's tepid job approval ratings, Democrats have a shot at breaking that rule this November. Some polls show the Democratic nominee, Terry McAuliffe, with a narrow lead over Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, his Republican challenger. Why is McAuliffe ahead?  asked Tom Davis, a former Virginia congressman and Republican strategist .One important reason: The same demographic shifts that made it possible for Mr.
3	 As a new technology, plastic bank notes, becomes more popular around the world, people will have to get used to money that is slipperier but less grimy and harder to fold into origami cranes but more likely to survive washing machines.The decline of one of the world's greatest inventions gained momentum on Wednesday when Britain announced that the British pound, a reserve currency that has been printed on cotton-based paper for 300 years, will be made from plastic. Britain is the latest nation to replace paper bills — starting with the £5 and £10 notes — with plastic ones.
2	 LOVELL, Maine — Rosie's General Store serves breakfast all day, and it's the type of place where residents of this town of,140 will stop in to buy lottery tickets, a loaf of bread or the special jumbo lobster roll. It's also the inspiration for the Sweetbriar Rose, a diner in Stephen King 's 2009 opus about a small town cut off from the outside world by a mysterious and impenetrable dome.A television adaptation of that novel,  Under the Dome,  will have its premiere on Monday night on CBS, which was why Mr.
2	 After the Curtain: What happens to the characters in Mozart's popular  Così Fan Tutte  when the curtain goes down? The love stories in the opera end so inconclusively that questions remain even for the cast.Most opera fans are intensely involved with the characters of great operas. We are protective of them, even the evil ones.There is a lively realm of fan fiction focused on movie and television characters, in which viewers share ideas on how some breakup or betrayal might turn out. Opera fans, by contrast, are fixated on characters who have been around for generations, even centuries.
4	  Arkansas adopted what is by far the country's most restrictive ban on abortion on Wednesday — at 12 weeks of pregnancy, when a fetal heartbeat can typically be detected by abdominal ultrasound.The law, the sharpest challenge yet to Roe v. Wade, was passed by the newly Republican -controlled legislature over the veto of Gov . Mike Beebe, a Democrat, who called it  blatantly unconstitutional.  The State Senate voted Tuesday to override his veto and the House followed suit on Wednesday, with several Democrats joining the Republican majority .
3	  HONG KONG — It was perhaps the most spectacular flight approach in the world: amid mountains, seas and frequently tempestuous winds, aircraft nearing Kai Tak Airport in Hong Kong would stage a stomach-churning right turn, glide over the densely populated Kowloon Peninsula and land on a runway that jutted straight out into the sea.Starting Wednesday, passengers approaching the old runway will do so at crawl speed — and from the sea, rather than from the air.
3	 The stock market posted its biggest drop in more than three months on Monday after political turmoil in the Italian elections increased investor worries that Europe's debt problems could once again destabilize the global economy .The sell-off accelerated late in the trading session after the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index fell below the,500 level, which has acted as a significant support point. Monday was the S.& P. 500's first close under,500 since Feb. 4.This was the biggest percentage drop for the S.& P. 500 since Nov. 7 and was its lowest close since Jan. 18.
0	  CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The ugliness and uncertainty that surrounded Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston and threatened to mar the stunning perfection of his 2013 season was dismissed with Thursday's announcement in Tallahassee, Fla., that he would not face charges of sexual assault .So all that was left for Winston and Florida State in Saturday's Atlantic Coast Conference championship game at Bank of America Stadium was to return the conversation to the Heisman Trophy and the seemingly inevitable Bowl Championship Series title game ahead.
4	  SANFORD, Fla. — In the spring of, a military prosecutor with the Army taught a college class near here that delved into Florida's Stand Your Ground law . One of his pupils stood out for his diligence: George Zimmerman, who earned an A.This account came in testimony from the criminal litigation class's instructor, Capt. Alexis Francisco Carter, who took the stand as Mr. Zimmerman's second-degree murder trial entered its eighth day on Wednesday at the Seminole County Courthouse . Last summer, in a nationally televised interview, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Even while rapidly expanding its electronic surveillance around the world, the National Security Agency has lobbied inside the government to deploy the equivalent of a   Star Wars   defense for America's computer networks, designed to intercept cyberattacks before they could cripple power plants, banks or financial markets .But administration officials say the plan, championed by Gen. Keith B. Alexander, the director of the National Security Agency and head of the Pentagon's Cyber Command, has virtually no chance of moving forward given the backlash against the N.S.A. over the recent disclosures about its surveillance programs .
0	 (Reuters) - Unheralded PGA Tour rookie Patrick Reed found himself in major-winning company on Friday after charging into a three-way tie for the lead in the second round of the John Deere Classic in Silvis, Illinois .In pursuit of a maiden victory on the circuit, Reed fired a sizzling eight-under-par 63 on a day of low scoring at the TPC Deere Run to finish at 12-under, level with former major winners Zach Johnson (66) and Lucas Glover.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — Home prices rose in February at their fastest rate in almost seven years, another sign the housing market recovery will help counter the drag on the economy from government belt-tightening .The S&P/ Case Shiller index of 20 metropolitan areas released on Tuesday showed single-family home prices rose .3 percent in February from a year earlier.The data reinforces the view that rising home prices could make Americans feel better about spending this year, helping counter a blow to economic growth from tax increases and government spending cuts .
2	 What's so funny about the end of the world? Filmmakers might answer that with their own question: what's not to laugh at?No fewer than four comedies in the last year have mined the apocalypse for comedy, including  This Is the End,  the stars-playing-themselves romp due in theaters on Wednesday. (And there's  The World's End  later this summer.)The plot points, actors and jokes overlap from film to film, so here is a primer to guide you through the chaos .SETUP Mr.
3	 Like many major cities around the world, Liverpool's legacy from the 2008 global downturn was a glut of unfinished and unsold apartments.But just five years later, the city's plans include thousands of new residential properties, part of the city's effort to regain its status as a hub of business and residential life in northwest England .Alan Bevan, managing director of City Residential, a local real estate agency, said the city's relatively low property prices, solid rental market and infrastructure improvements had been attracting new residents from around Britain and the rest of the world.
3	  WASHINGTON — Congress's $85 billion, across-the- board budget cuts may not have brought the economy to a halt, as many once feared. But they are having a negative effect on jobs in the private sector, according to an analysis of the industries whose head count is most dependent on federal funds .It is no surprise that some of the companies that are hurting are closely associated with military spending, which was specifically targeted to absorb about half of the cuts from the so-called sequester that began March.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Harry Reid of Nevada took a defiant and uncompromising stand on Monday before a showdown on the future of the filibuster, saying that Republicans must stop blocking executive branch nominations or he will try to change rules to  save the Senate from becoming obsolete. But senators emerged from a three-and a- half-hour meeting in the Old Senate Chamber saying they were confident that an agreement could be reached Tuesday to defuse the tense partisan standoff, though no deal had been struck in the closed session that went well into the night.
3	 Now the trucking industry, with its millions of 18-wheelers moving products like potato chips, underarm deodorant and copy paper around the country, is taking a leap forward in switching from petroleum to cleaner-burning natural gas . And if natural gas remains cheap, consumers may benefit again.This month, Cummins, a leading engine manufacturer, began shipping big, new engines that make long runs on natural gas possible. A skeletal network of refueling stations at dozens of truck stops stands ready.
0	  CHICAGO — A dozen slices of wheat bread and two plates of quartered oranges sat untouched on a table in the middle of the Boston locker room, fortifications for an overtime period that never came.In one corner of the room, attendants piled sticks into equipment bags as fast as they could. In the other, Bruins defensemen Zdeno Chara impatiently kept climbing off a table before the trainer massaging his sore right thigh was done. The team bus was already idling in a loading dock nearby.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve is making modest progress in its push to reduce the unemployment rate . But that is not the jobs goal Congress actually established for the Fed. The central bank is supposed to be maximizing employment . And on that front, it is not making progress .The share of American adults with jobs has hovered around.5 percent for more than three years, roughly five percentage points below its prerecession peak. Job creation has merely kept pace with population growth . The unemployment rate, now.6 percent, has fallen mostly because people stopped looking for work.
1	 Long before he brought people into his laboratory at Columbia University to smoke crack cocaine, Carl Hart saw its effects firsthand. Growing up in poverty, he watched relatives become crack addicts, living in squalor and stealing from their mothers. Childhood friends ended up in prisons and morgues.Those addicts seemed enslaved by crack, like the laboratory rats that couldn't stop pressing the lever for cocaine even as they were starving to death. The cocaine was providing such powerful dopamine stimulation to the brain's reward center that the addicts couldn't resist taking another hit.At least, that was how it looked to Dr.
1	 At first, the bone didn't look like much.  But when we walked around to the other side, we saw the skull,  Kevin Terris said.  We figured the whole skeleton must be there, or at least a good portion of it. Mr. Terris, then a 17-year-old student at the Webb Schools, discovered the fossil in 2009 on a field trip to the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in southern Utah .
1	 NEW YORK — Monday's powerful tornado in suburban Oklahoma City loosely followed the path of a killer twister that slammed the region in May. The National Weather Service estimated that the storm that struck Moore, Okla., on Monday had wind speeds of up to 200 mph, and was at least a half- mile wide . The 1999 storm had winds clocked at 300 mph, according to the weather service website, and it destroyed or damaged more than,000 homes, killing at least two people.Kelsey Angle, a weather service meteorologist in Kansas City, Mo.
4	 NEW YORK — As the Republican-controlled House of Representatives approved this month the most restrictive abortion bill to come out of Congress in at least a decade, abortion rights defenders mounted a full-blown campaign to blunt what they instantly labeled  a new war on women.  The House of Representatives just passed the most extreme national anti-choice bill we've seen in recent years,  said Jess McIntosh, the communications director of Emily's List, which supports female Democratic candidates and is one of the largest political action committees in the United States .
0	 Steve Bornstein, a pivotal figure in televised sports for more than 20 years, will step down as president and chief executive of the NFL Network when his contract expires in the spring of.He will be succeeded by Brian Rolapp, the chief operating officer of NFL Media since January.Bornstein, 61, joined the N.F.L. in 2002 and laid the groundwork for the growth of the league's media operations, in part by establishing the NFL Network, which made its debut in.Much of Bornstein's time was spent securing full distribution for the new network on cable systems throughout the country.
4	  BIG BEAR LAKE, Calif. — After a shootout and a forest standoff on Tuesday afternoon, Christopher J. Dorner, the former Los Angeles police officer sought in the region's largest manhunt, was apparently killed in a cabin as it burned down around him, but officials said they needed time to sort through the rubble.Mr. Dorner, a self-described survivalist believed to be heavily armed, had holed up in the rental cabin hours earlier and engaged deputies in a shootout, killing one deputy and wounding a second.
0	  ATLANTA — It feels as if their names have been entwined for ages — by coaches and team officials, by columnists and television hosts, by fans and former players — but not until Tuesday did Matt Harvey and Zack Wheeler come together on the same pitching staff .And once they did, each pitching a game for the Mets during a doubleheader against the Atlanta Braves, the organization's long-held and hopeful vision for its future seemed to seep momentarily into the present day.To be sure, trying days remain for the Mets .
3	 Among the most troubling questions facing consumers as they shop for insurance under the Obama administration's new health care law is whether the plans will cover the drugs they take — and how much they will have to pay for them.But with less than two weeks remaining until enrollment opens on Oct. 1, the answers are still elusive and anxiety is growing for consumers whose well-being depends on expensive medications. States running the marketplaces where the plans will be offered have not released details about which drugs will be covered.
4	 The governors of at least four states expressed initial interest in an offer on Thursday from Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to allow them to reopen national parks in their states, though it remained unclear whether any such deals could be reached soon.After more than a week of requests from several states that they be allowed to reopen parks closed by the federal government shutdown, Ms. Jewell said the administration would be willing to consider such agreements as long as the states agreed to pay the full operating costs, including the salaries of all federal park employees.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — Pragmatic yet defiant, the head of the Royal & Ancient issued a Hootie Johnson-like salvo in the latest battleground over male-only golf clubs : The British Open will not yield to pressure over three of its venerable clubs refusing to admit female members.The way Peter Dawson looks at it, to compare this to racial or religious discrimination is  absurd.
0	 (Reuters) - English Premier League clubs spent almost 100 million pounds .81 million ) on agents fees for brokering player transfers in the past 12 months, an increase of almost 20 million pounds on the previous year.The figures were released on Saturday by the league, who have compiled and made the figures public since the 2009/10 season.The total spent by the 20 Premier League clubs was.67 million pounds .35 million ) in the year from October, 2012 until September. They spent 77 million pounds in.
1	 The Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, the flagship of American particle physics, named a new director on Thursday: He is Nigel Lockyer, 60, currently the director of Canada's national laboratory for particle and nuclear physics, or Triumf, and a professor at the University of British Columbia, in Vancouver . Dr. Lockyer, who was born in Scotland and raised in Canada, worked as a particle physicist working at Fermilab studying quarks. Dr. Lockyer will take office on Sept. 3. He is replacing Pier Oddone, who has held the post since 2005 and is retiring on July.
3	  FRANKFURT — The European Central Bank on Thursday debated ways to funnel more credit to suffering euro zone businesses, but decided not to act because it was not sure which way the economy was heading.The bank also left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at its already record low rate .
4	 About.7 million immigrants are living in the United States illegally, a population that has not varied much over the last three years but may recently be increasing again, according to new estimates published Monday by the Pew Research Center Hispanic Trends Project.As lawmakers in Washington debate an immigration overhaul that could include a pathway to legal status or citizenship for millions of unauthorized immigrants, the figures from the nonpartisan Pew Center are regarded by many demographers as the most reliable estimates of the number of people who might be eligible for those programs.
2	 Before Haim was Haim, a rock band made up of three sisters, its members — Este, Danielle and Alana, surnamed Haim — were three-fifths of Rockinhaim, a covers band made up of three sisters and their parents. Playing in a family band really was the best lesson in songwriting,  Danielle said one afternoon last month.  It taught us what classic songs were, how they worked.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Tuesday effectively struck down the heart of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by a 5-to-4 vote, freeing nine states, mostly in the South, to change their election laws without advance federal approval .The court divided along ideological lines, and the two sides drew sharply different lessons from the history of the civil rights movement and the nation's progress in rooting out racial discrimination in voting. At the core of the disagreement was whether racial minorities continued to face barriers to voting in states with a history of discrimination.
0	  MANCHESTER, England — With their six-figure weekly salaries, flashy cars, plush houses and supermodel wives and girlfriends, sympathy is usually in short supply when it comes to players in the English Premier League .Except, maybe, over the Christmas and New Year period.When you are sitting down to a big dinner, drinking wine and spending time with the family over the festive period, spare a thought for the likes of Wayne Rooney, Steven Gerrard and Sergio Aguero.They'll most likely be practicing in the freezing cold.
3	 BERLIN — In a victory for Google, the European Union's highest court received a recommendation on Tuesday to strike down a Spanish regulator's demand that the search engine grant citizens a broad digital  right to be forgotten,  including the ability to delete arrest records and other negative publicity from Google's online search results .An expert opinion requested by the European Court of Justice, which is based in Luxembourg, recommended that Google not be required to expunge all links to a 15-year-old legal notice published in a Barcelona newspaper documenting a Spanish man's failure to pay back taxes .
4	  PHOENIX — Members of a white supremacy group descended on a home here 11 years ago to scare a man into paying back the $200 his roommate had accused him of stealing. The attack ended in the man's death.Three of the four people who were eventually arrested brokered plea deals, avoiding a trial. The roommate, Jessica Nelson, 37, who instigated the beating, and a skinhead recruit named Jeremy Johnson, 30, who pummeled the man, Mark Mathes, with a baseball bat, could be out of prison in four years. Sean Gaines, who shot Mr.
4	  ALBUQUERQUE — The decision by clerks in six of New Mexico's most populous counties to start issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples has added a sense of urgency to a fight that some of the state's top political leaders had seemed in no hurry to join. It is time someone makes a decision that settles this debate,  said Maggie Toulouse Oliver, the clerk in Bernalillo County, where about a dozen same-sex couples were married during a group ceremony outside the county building here last Tuesday.
4	  LOS ANGELES — The United States Supreme Court on Friday rejected California's attempt to stop the release of nearly,000 inmates from state prisons to relieve overcrowding, dealing a blow to Gov . Jerry Brown 's efforts to fight federal court orders to reduce the prison population .The decision is the latest in a long line of federal rulings demanding that the state drastically reduce its prison population .
0	 LONDON — However long he stays at this year's Wimbledon championships, Australia's Bernard Tomic is resigned to playing without his father and coach being there to see him.After defeating James Blake, 6-4, 7-5 in the second round on Thursday, Tomic said he's convinced he'll be on his own at the All England Club . John Tomic has been denied access after being accused of head-butting his son's hitting partner during a tournament in Madrid. The father's trial is set for October. I don't think they'll be allowing him in, which is OK,  Tomic said.  I'm focusing on my matches.
0	  DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — Shaquille O'Neal says the Los Angeles spotlight was too bright for Dwight Howard .Speaking at Daytona International Speedway on Saturday, Shaq hammered his former colleague as if they were battling in the post.O'Neal opened his mouth agape when asked about Howard, who chose to leave the Lakers for the Houston Rockets late Friday, and joked about cheering on Dale Earnhardt Jr . and Danica Patrick in Saturday's race.A few seconds later, he threw an elbow Howard's way. It was expected,  Shaq said.  We've all been in L. A.
3	 Early last year, Alaska's wild salmon fishing industry decided to end its partnership with the seafood world's most prominent sustainability certification group in favor of its own labeling efforts. But the move quickly set drew a reaction from customers, as WalMart and others said they would no longer buy Alaskan salmon without the independent check.Now, the Alaskan salmon industry appear to have won the fight, recently saying that it was standing firm in its decision to drop the outside certification group.For years, the group, the Marine Stewardship Council, has been the blue seal of approval for seafood products.
1	 Much of the Florida shoreline was once too cold for the tropical trees called mangroves, but the plants are now spreading northward at a rapid clip, scientists reported Monday. That finding is the latest indication that global warming, though still in its early stages, is already leading to ecological changes so large they can be seen from space.Along a 50- mile stretch of the central Florida coast south of St . Augustine, the amount of mangrove forest doubled between 1984 and, the scientists found after analyzing satellite images .
4	  PHILADELPHIA — A state judge ruled on Monday that a senior Catholic official who was sent to prison for his role in a sexual abuse scandal should be released on bail after his conviction for child endangerment was overturned.Msgr. William J. Lynn, the first senior official of the Roman Catholic Church to be convicted in connection with charges of sexual abuse of children by priests, was granted bail on Monday by Judge M. Teresa Sarmina of Common Pleas Court . Bail was set at,000, of which Monsignor Lynn must pay,000 up front.
0	 (Reuters) - Sixteen-year-old Croatian Donna Vekic was denied her first WTA title as she lost 7-6(5) 6-4 to Tour stalwart Daniela Hantuchova in the Aegon Classic final in Birmingham on Sunday.Vekic, the youngest player in the top 350 in the rankings, fell in her second final of the year as Hantuchova's greater experience edged her to her first title at the Wimbledon warm-up event at Edgbaston, having been runner-up in. She played a very good match and deserved to win,  London-based Vekic, who is trained by Tim Henman's old coach David Felgate, told Reuters .
4	 The billions of dollars in tax breaks granted to the nation's nonprofit hospitals are being challenged by regulators and politicians as cities still reeling from the recession watch cash-rich medical centers expand.Hospitals, among the largest landowners in many communities, are often designated as nonprofits, allowing them to benefit from state and federal tax breaks for providing  charity care and community benefit.  The exemptions collectively amount to more than $12 billion annually, health economists say.
2	 When James Levine comes home on Tuesday night for his first performance at the Metropolitan Opera since he fell and damaged his spine more than two years ago, he will conduct Mozart's  Così Fan Tutte  from a wheelchair-accessible orchestra pit, with new lifts and ramps to help him steer his chair to the rising mechanical podium that stagehands call the  maestro lift. But if Mr.
3	 A string of lackluster earnings reports weighed on the stock market on Tuesday, ending an eight-day winning streak for the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index . Coca-Cola, the world's largest beverage maker, fell after the company said it sold less soda in its home market of North America and its earnings declined 4 percent. Charles Schwab, the retail brokerage firm, dropped after it reported disappointing second-quarter earnings . And Marathon Petroleum, the fuel refiner, declined after it forecast weak earnings and said its business was being hurt by renewable-fuels laws.
2	 CULVER CITY, Calif. — The set here on Stage 9 at Sony Pictures Studios was a near-perfect duplicate of a suburban American home of the 1950s, with a vintage refrigerator in the kitchen and a stone fireplace in the living room, where a wife clad in a coat and housedress put down her bag of groceries and placed her arms around her hardworking husband at the end of a long day.The couple's embrace became increasingly passionate, their kisses lingering longer as they began to unbutton and remove each other's garments.
0	 PARIS — Paris St Germain will be without the injured Alex when they travel to Olympiakos for their Champions League opening game on Tuesday.The Brazilian picked up a thigh strain during training on Saturday, Ligue 1 club PSG said on their website (www.psg.fr) on Sunday.Compatriot Marquinhos is expected to deputise at centre back.
4	 LUSK, Wyo. — A young Dick Cheney began his first campaign for the House in this tiny village — population,600 — after the state's sole Congressional seat finally opened up. But nowadays, his daughter Liz does not seem inclined to wait patiently for such an opening.Ms. Cheney, 46, is showing up everywhere in the state, from chicken dinners to cattle growers' meetings, sometimes with her parents in tow. She has made it clear that she wants to run for the Senate seat now held by Michael B. Enzi, a soft-spoken Republican and onetime fly-fishing partner of her father.But Ms.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama plans to nominate James B. Comey, a former hedge fund executive who served as a senior Justice Department official under President George W . Bush, to replace Robert S. Mueller III as the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, according to two people with knowledge of the selection.By choosing Mr. Comey, a Republican, Mr. Obama made a strong statement about bipartisanship at a time when he faces renewed criticism from Republicans in Congress and has had difficulty winning confirmation of some important nominees. At the same time, Mr.
0	  BOSTON — The Chicago Blackhawks pulled off perhaps the most improbable comeback in the history of the Stanley Cup finals on Monday night . Trailing the Boston Bruins, 2-1, with 76 seconds left, the Blackhawks erupted for two goals 17 seconds apart to stun the Bruins, 3-2, and win their second Cup in the last four seasons. This goal, this ending — nobody saw it coming,  said Blackhawks Coach Joel Quennville, after a finish that strained credulity. So sudden and late was Chicago's rally that even the Blackhawks themselves seemed not to believe what they had just seen.
1	  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA has eight new astronauts — its first new batch in four years.Among the lucky candidates : the first female fighter pilot to become an astronaut in nearly two decades. A female helicopter pilot also is in the group. In fact, four of the eight are women, the highest percentage of female astronaut candidates ever selected by NASA.Monday's announcement came on the eve of the 30th anniversary of the launch of the first American woman in space, Sally Ride. She died last summer.
0	 NEW YORK — Slovakia's Daniela Hantuchova advanced to the quarter-finals of the U.S. Open for the first time in more than a decade when she won her rain -interrupted match with American wildcard Alison Riske on Monday.Hantuchova won 6-3 5-7 6-2 after repelling a fightback from Riske, who upset 2011 Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova to reach the fourth round at a grand slam for the first time. I guess the best things happen when you don't expect them,  said Hantuchova.
4	 Barack and Michelle Obama have spent more than a thousand days on display before the nation's eyes, but the personal changes they have undergone can be hard to detect.Up close, though, those who know the Obamas say they can see an accumulation of small shifts in the president and the first lady since they walked the inaugural parade route four years ago . The man who wanted to change the nature of Washington now warns job candidates that it is hard to get anything done there.
0	  LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Kings know all about the creeping inevitability that sets in when a team gets behind 0-3 in a playoff series . After all, that's where they put every opponent they faced on the way to the Stanley Cup title last year.With more big points from their Siberian defenseman and even more big saves from their champion goalie, Los Angeles stayed safely out of that hole in the Western Conference finals .
0	 NEW YORK — Carlos Beltran is coming back to New York, this time to the Bronx.The All-Star outfielder and the Yankees agreed Friday to a $45 million, three-year contract, two people familiar with the deal said. Beltran's agreement came hours after second baseman Robinson Cano decided to leave for Seattle and on the same day pitcher Hiroki Kuroda agreed to return for.Beltran's deal was detailed to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because it was subject to a physical and had not yet been announced. The agreement was first reported by the New York Daily News .
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Sharp drops in fuel and food costs reduced a measure of wholesale prices in April by the most in three years. Outside those volatile categories, inflation stayed tame.The producer price index, which measures price changes before they reach the consumer, fell a seasonally adjusted .7 percent in April from March, the Labor Department said Wednesday. It was the second straight monthly decline and the steepest since February.Lower inflation means the Federal Reserve has more leeway to continue its aggressive policies to bolster economic growth .
4	  LOS ANGELES — In the midst of a frenzied weeklong manhunt, Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa put together one of the largest rewards in Southern California history: $1 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Christopher J. Dorner, the former Los Angeles police officer who was wanted in multiple killings last month.Hundreds of tips poured in over the next two days. And two claims to the money have now been made by people who encountered Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — Three longtime members of the House, including two who represent swing districts, announced their retirements unexpectedly on Tuesday, joining a wave of lawmakers from both parties who have decided to leave Congress after the midterm elections next year. Representatives Frank R.
3	 American employers added an estimated,000 jobs to their payrolls last month, compared with,000 in February, according to a Labor Department report released Friday. It was the slowest pace of growth since last June, and less than half of what economists had expected .It also was the start of a third consecutive spring in which employers tapered off their hiring after a healthy start to the year. Slowdowns in the previous two years could be attributed to flare-ups in the European debt crisis, but this time the cause is less obvious.
0	  BELO HORIZONTE, Brazil, June 16 - The dispute over player bonuses that threatened Nigeria's participation in the Confederations Cup does not seem to be fully resolved, captain Vincent Enyeama suggested on Sunday. The dispute, which to all intents and purposes appeared to be settled on Friday, has only been resolved 'for now', Enyeama emphasised in a media briefing on Sunday.The impasse with the Nigerian FA has overshadowed the African champions' final preparations for the tournament, which is being used a test of Brazil's preparations for the 2014 World Cup, and they only arrived in the early hours of Sunday.
2	  ST . LOUIS — In a recent interview the mezzo-soprano Alice Coote said that the opera industry was  very much still a male preserve,  adding,  It's still a man's world.  Few recent premieres have featured scores or librettos by women. But Czech lady librettists were common in the late 19th century, when Smetana wrote his now rarely performed  Kiss,  a comedy set to texts by Eliska Krasnohorska.When it comes to opera heroines, especially rebellious ones, few survive unscathed, if at all.
0	 PITTSFORD, N.Y. — For Jonas Blixt, a 29-year-old Swede and a Florida State graduate, the third round of the P.G.A. Championship was a day of sound and unblemished golf . He did not have a bogey Saturday and played seamlessly as he charged into title contention entering the final round.But there was one blip for Blixt.On the 18th hole, he hit his tee shot into the back pocket of a retired doctor's slacks.But Blixt apparently knows something about playing by the seat of your pants. For starters, he knew the applicable rule.
2	 One of the most anticipated concerts of the spring is the Met Orchestra's program at Carnegie Hall on May. James Levine is scheduled to conduct, two years after his last performance anywhere. But will he show up? Will he be the James Levine who led the Metropolitan Opera through 40 years of artistic growth and became the most important American conductor on the international scene since Leonard Bernstein ?Mr. Levine, 69, cannot really blame his admirers for asking such questions.
1	 Over the Fourth of July holiday, my wife and I joined some friends for a barbecue in their backyard. The guests were lively and the space was lovely — grassy and open but shady and surrounded by lots of shrubs and trees.In other words, it was perfect for mosquitoes — and indeed, closer inspection showed that they were thriving in all that greenery.But our friends had come up with a solution that saved us from having to deal with bug repellents or, worse, bites and itches.
4	  MIAMI — Lawyers for George Zimmerman, who is charged with second-degree murder in the killing of Trayvon Martin, will be barred from mentioning Mr. Martin's marijuana use, history of fights or high school suspension during opening statements in Mr. Zimmerman's trial, which begins June.At a hearing Tuesday in a Seminole County court, Circuit Judge Debra Steinberg Nelson denied a string of defense motions concerning evidence that was intended to portray Mr. Martin as a troubled teenager with a propensity for fighting and an interest in guns. Prosecutors argued that such evidence had nothing to do with Mr. Martin's death.Mr.
2	  PARK CITY, Utah — Is Randy Moore's new movie about a father going insane at Walt Disney World simply cinematic art? Or is Mickey Mouse about to get very, very mad at Mr. Moore?A betting person would put some chips on anger after his movie's premiere at the Sundance Film Festival here over the weekend.Mr. Moore, without permission from Disney, filmed  Escape From Tomorrow  inside its theme parks and hotels in Florida and California . If that wasn't gutsy enough, his film is a horror fantasy that harshly critiques Disney's style of mass entertainment.
3	 The Las Vegas Sands Corporation, an international gambling empire controlled by the billionaire Sheldon G. Adelson, has informed the Securities and Exchange Commission that it likely violated a federal law against bribing foreign officials .In its annual regulatory report, filed with the commission on Friday, the Sands reported that its audit committee and independent accountants had determined that  there were likely violations of the books and records and internal controls provisions  of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act .
2	 Back in, Linus stepped forward and calmed the chaos of  A Charlie Brown Christmas,  the classic animated special, by reciting verses from the Gospel of Luke about the birth of Jesus.  That's what Christmas is all about, Charlie Brown,  he concluded.We can only guess what Linus would be thinking today were he to sample the avalanche of Christmas-themed made-for-television movies that began rolling down on us a few weeks ago and will continue right up until the big day.
3	 SYDNEY, Australia — General Motors said Wednesday that it would stop making cars in Australia within four years because of high costs and a strong local currency, fueling fears that its rival Toyota Motors would follow suit and cripple the entire domestic industry.The decision by G.M., the world's second-largest automaker, to close its plants at its Holden subsidiary in South Australia and Victoria states caps a dire year for Australian manufacturing in general and auto production in particular.
0	 NEW YORK — NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says the Washington Redskins nickname is  unifying force that stands for strength, courage, pride and respect.  Goodell was responding to a letter from 10 members of Congress who want the name changed because it is offensive to many Native Americans . Goodell cited the nickname's origins and polls that support its popularity . He wrote that he understands the feelings surrounding it are complex and could change, but he also point out fan pride in the team's heritage.
3	 FRANKFURT — Sometimes it is more fun to dream about the future than to dwell on the present, especially if you are a European car executive .With sales at their lowest level in two decades, auto industry managers gathering for the Frankfurt auto show next week will be doing their best to focus on shiny new technologies rather than on the European car market, which, in contrast to the thriving market in the United States, is in a terrible state .
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — It was late in the second quarter when Geno Smith dropped back to pass and it became all too apparent that he really needed to sit. With the Jets trailing by, he was in the end zone, trying to pitch out of a third-and-8 from their.With a heartfelt prayer for his rookie quarterback and in all likelihood the future of his present employment, Jets Coach Rex Ryan took a chance on letting the beleaguered Smith wing it.Receiver David Nelson was open on the left side, about 10 yards downfield .
2	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — In   American Hustle,  the latest film by the director David O. Russell, Rosalyn Rosenfeld ( Jennifer Lawrence ) plants a lipstick-smearing kiss on Sydney Prosser ( Amy Adams, a grifter who is having an affair with a fellow con artist (Christian Bale, who just happens to be Rosalyn's husband. The kiss caps off a scene of rage-filled accusations and not-so-veiled threats. The possibility that members of the Mafia might kill all three of them only ratchets up the heat .The kiss, Ms. Adams admitted, was her idea.  Rosalyn's crazy,  she said.
3	 PARIS — France can no longer rely on tax increases to fix its finances . That was the conclusion on Thursday of the state auditor who warned that President François Hollande's government would have no choice but to cut billions of euros in spending if it was to meet European Union deficit targets by.The Court of Auditors, France's official accounting agency, noted that public finances had been held in check for several years through higher taxes and control of spending . But it said the policy had now reached its limits.
2	 Outdoor Pianos, Impromptu Concerts: For two weeks this summer, 88 outdoor pianos will be available in all five boroughs of New York City. The Times's chief classical music critic, Anthony Tommasini, decided to sample a few.Henry Andrews, a little boy going about town with his mother, dismounted his miniscooter one day this week and, still wearing a helmet, began dancing to a jaunty Bach bourrée. He was in a small square on the edge of Lincoln Center, and the music came from a beat-up but attractively decorated silver piano played by a stranger: me.
4	 In Travis County, juvenile justice officials have decided that they can do a better job than the state in dealing with the most troubled local offenders, considering Texas' history of scandal and violence in youth lockups. We will no longer commit kids to the state,  said Jeanne Meurer, a Travis County senior district judge .  We will take care of all of our kids. This year, legislators approved a law to allow the county to commit juvenile offenders to local detention facilities instead of sending them to large institutions operated by the Texas Juvenile Justice Department .
4	  WASHINGTON — George W. Bush hopes historians will judge his presidency more kindly than his contemporaries have, but a transition coming later this year — the departure of Chairman Ben S. Bernanke of the Federal Reserve after an eight-year tenure — already casts a different light on the 43rd president's economic record.Although President Obama has been Mr. Bernanke's partner in an effort to steer the economy through a financial crisis, deep recession and recovery, so was the man who put Mr. Bernanke in the job in the first place: Mr. Bush.
1	 In the main hall of the hands-on science exhibits at the Cape Town Science Center in South Africa, a lifeless, tattered globe stands under naked fluorescent bulbs, all but ignored by children passing through on school tours.Across a sunblasted courtyard and up a dingy staircase, another globe — a digital globe — stands in a darkened room. This globe is a shining sphere of light.
2	 ROME — The work was by Verdi. Three fine young singers held the Rome Opera's stage. But the spotlight, one night last month, was unmistakably on the maestro in the pit, Riccardo Muti.And not just figuratively. It might have been a trick of the gloomy lighting of Werner Herzog's production of  I Due Foscari,  but at the opening-night performance two spotlights trained on the conductor's stand seemed at times to illuminate Mr. Muti more than anybody else, casting a sheen on his jet-black mane.Theater officials said they had not noticed, and Mr.
1	 The White House is expected to take new steps on Friday to help society adapt to global warming, an acknowledgment that worldwide efforts to control emissions will be inadequate to head off big climatic shifts. White House aides said President Obama would sign an executive order on Friday morning directing federal agencies to make it easier for states and communities to build resilience against storms, droughts and other weather extremes.
4	 Under pressure to reduce its immense inventory of disability claims for injured and sick veterans, the Department of Veterans Affairs announced on Friday its plans to process,000 claims that are one year or older within the next six months.The plan calls for regional offices of the Veterans Benefits Administration to issue so-called provisional rulings on all claims that are one year or older, provided a minimum level of evidence has been submitted to support those claims.If claims are given provisional approval, veterans will start receiving benefits immediately, said Allison A. Hickey, the under secretary for benefits .
2	 In the early days of Dance Theater of Harlem its members, charged with proving to the world that black dancers could master ballet, needed a certain pluck.  It was a group of young dancers that went out and carried their own lights and did lecture- demonstrations and started performing,  said Laveen Naidu, 45, the organization's executive director .That scrappy image has served Virginia Johnson well. The elegant artistic director of Dance Theater of Harlem — and its star ballerina for 28 years — Ms.
2	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — What if a folk singer got beat up outside a Greenwich Village nightclub in?Six, seven, or, maybe, eight years ago, as Joel Coen remembers it, that seemingly idle question about an unlucky singer in a hypothetical encounter at what used to be a real club called Gerde's Folk City started bothering Mr. Coen, who writes and directs off-center movies with his brother, Ethan.Next week some music industry insiders and perhaps a few potential buyers will finally see, and hear, the resulting film at a private, pre-Grammys screening in Los Angeles .
2	  BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — If the Oscars are a horse race, then the annual nominee luncheon here is the paddock. With the qualifying rounds over and voting set to begin, the competitors are ritually assembled for a high-wattage gathering and a cordial glass of Champagne or two before the bell rings and the jockeying starts in earnest.So Steven Spielberg, nominated for directing  Lincoln,  mixed with the team behind  Wreck-It Ralph,  while Mark Boal, a nominee for   Zero Dark Thirty,  smiled near Harvey Weinstein, who was pushing   Silver Linings Playbook .
3	  WASHINGTON — Private sector employers hired the fewest workers in six months in October while tepid domestic demand kept inflation benign last month, suggesting the economy was still in need of stimulus from the Federal Reserve .The slowdown in private job growth was the latest signal that the labor market had taken a step back in recent months and the clearest indication yet that a 16-day federal government shutdown weighed on the economy .
1	 Norman R. Pace, a microbiologist at the University of Colorado Boulder, pioneered the use of DNA to study microbes. He has searched for extremophiles (organisms that can exist in extreme environments) in the hot springs of Yellowstone National Park and once descended in the submersible Alvin to examine microbial life on hydrothermal vents. He greets visitors, like any microbiologist who has seen too much, with a fist bump.Dr. Pace has also surveyed an exotic environment much more familiar to New Yorkers: the subway.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama has chosen Jeffrey D. Zients, an entrepreneur who twice was the president's acting budget director and a past candidate for two cabinet positions, to succeed Gene B. Sperling as the chief White House economic adviser .The shift, which was confirmed by several administration officials and will be announced on Friday, does not portend change in the president's economic agenda . But with Mr. Sperling's exit on Jan. 1 after nearly three years in the White House and two at the Treasury Department, Mr.
0	  ST . LOUIS — Lance Lynn had his best outing in nearly a month to keep the Cardinals on pace with the rest of the division. Matt Adams had a two-run home run and the Cardinals broke open a tight game with four in the eighth to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5-1 on Wednesday night . St . Louis won its fifth consecutive game to maintain a one-game lead over Pittsburgh and a three-game advantage on Cincinnati in the NL Central .
0	 Kelly Olynyk had 21 points and 12 rebounds, and top-ranked Gonzaga bolstered its case for a No. 1 seed in the N.C.A.A. tournament by routing Saint Mary's, 65-51, on Monday night in the West Coast Conference tournament final in Las Vegas .Already headed to the N.C.A.A. tournament for the 15th straight season, Gonzaga (31-2) had the look of a No. 1 seed, playing a superb game at both ends.The Zags shot 52 percent from the field, dominated inside and teamed up to hound the Gaels' leading scorer, Matthew Dellavedova, everywhere he went.
2	 It may very well be all over for New York City Opera after the buxom lady sings.City Opera's board, facing a season it cannot pay for, voted on Thursday to start bankruptcy proceedings next week and wind down the company's affairs if it fails to raise $7 million by Monday, said Risa B. Heller, a spokeswoman for the company .It appears increasingly unlikely that the opera will meet that goal: officials said that the troupe had raised only about.5 million since it first made an urgent appeal for the $7 million this month.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama, expanding his push to curtail severe penalties in drug cases, on Thursday commuted the sentences of eight federal inmates who were convicted of crack cocaine offenses . Each inmate has been imprisoned for at least 15 years, and six were sentenced to life in prison .It was the first time retroactive relief was provided to a group of inmates who would most likely have received significantly shorter terms if they had been sentenced under current drug laws, sentencing rules and charging policies. Most will be released in 120 days.
0	  RIO DE JANEIRO — Midfielder Ramires has been recalled by Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari for next month's international friendlies against Australia and Portugal.The Chelsea player was left out of the Confederations Cup squad earlier this year, with Scolari wanting two defensive midfielders who do not have a tendency to charge upfield.There were also Brazilian media reports that Ramires had fallen out of favour because he had reported late before the friendly against England in London in February but he has now been given a new chance.
2	 In the new comedy   The Angels' Share   four young unemployed Glaswegians dressed in kilts set out on a journey into the Scottish Highlands. The soundtrack even features the infectious anthem  I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)  by their countrymen the Proclaimers. But these miscreants could not belong less to the mountains and glens north of the Highland line.No, this is a Ken Loach film, and though it's sympathetic to the plight of the unemployed, one of the director's long-running concerns,  The Angels' Share  is also a fish-out-of-water satire about Scots in Scotland.
2	  LOS ANGELES — On a recent evening, Peter Shukoff and Lloyd Ahlquist, two breakout stars of the YouTube era, were trying, very seriously, to look like teenage girls from: long hair, pink headbands, embroidered jeans.The duo founded Epic Rap Battles of History, the zany yet knowing channel on YouTube, which just began its third season. Its videos stage fantastical smackdowns in musical rhyme, usually between historical icons and pop figures: Justin Bieber vs. Beethoven, Abe Lincoln vs. Chuck Norris, Mario Bros. vs. Wright Bros.On that evening, Mr. Shukoff and Mr.
3	  BEIJING — Bruno Paumard, the cellar master at a vineyard in China, cannot stop laughing while describing a bottle of supposedly French wine a friend gave him two years ago .It was white wine with a label proclaiming it was from the vineyards of Romanée-Conti; the bottle bore the logo that is on bottles of Château Lafite-Rothschild, declaring its origin as Montpellier in southern France.Domaine de la Romanée-Conti, better known for highly prized and highly priced vintages from the Burgundy region of France, makes only a tiny amount of white wine, labeled Montrachet.
3	 FIVE years into the Great Depression, one out of five workers in the United States was unemployed. The economy was nearly 20 percent smaller in 1934 than it had been at the peak, in.The Greeks can only wish they had it so good. The Greek government this week released its estimate of economic output in the fourth quarter of last year, and also published its unemployment report.For the year as a whole, the Greek economy, measured in 2005 euros, fell to.5 billion euros, down.4 percent from the previous year. That was a little better than the.1 percent decline in.
3	 BELLEVUE, Wash. — In a drab one- story building here, set between an indoor tennis club and a home appliance showroom, dozens of engineers, physicists and nuclear experts are chasing a radical dream of Bill Gates.The quest is for a new kind of nuclear reactor that would be fueled by today's nuclear waste, supply all the electricity in the United States for the next 800 years and, possibly, cut the risk of nuclear weapons proliferation around the world.The people developing the reactor work for a start-up, TerraPower, led by Mr. Gates and a fellow Microsoft billionaire, Nathan Myhrvold.
4	 As Detroit enters the federal bankruptcy process, the city is proposing a controversial plan for paring some of the.7 billion it owes in retiree health costs : pushing many of those too young to qualify for Medicare out of city-run coverage and into the new insurance markets that will soon be operating under the Obama health care law. Officials say the plan would be part of a broader effort to save Detroit tens of millions of dollars in health costs each year, a major element in a restructuring package that must be approved by a bankruptcy judge .
1	 First, paleontologists spread the word that modern birds are actually living dinosaurs. Then came the news from China that some dinosaurs and related reptiles long ago seemed to be marvelous four-winged creatures, seemingly on standby at some runway for takeoff in flight as early birds.Now, Chinese scientists have made a detailed analysis of 11 four-winged fossil specimens that lived about 130 million years ago .
0	 ENGLEWOOD, Colo. — The Denver Broncos began the season without strongside linebacker Von Miller, and they'll end it without him, too.Miller is done for the year after tests Monday revealed a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee, which he injured in the first quarter of Denver's 37-13 win at Houston over the weekend. It's definitely going to be a blow,  executive vice president John Elway said on his weekly podcast on the team's website.  But I think that we've done a good job of handling adversity throughout the year.
4	 WALTHAM, Mass. — It was the most brazen crime in the memory of this Boston suburb : three men murdered with knife slashes to their throats in a second- floor apartment at 12 Harding Avenue; each corpse precisely positioned, stomach down, head turned a quarter to the right, marijuana sprinkled on top.The case has remained unsolved since the bodies were discovered on Sept. 12, 2011. It is now back in the investigative spotlight as evidence mounts, according to law enforcement officials, that one of the suspects in the April 15 bombings at the Boston Marathon, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, participated in the killings.
4	  WASHINGTON — Construction companies are lobbying the government to spare their projects from across-the- board cuts. Drug companies are pleading with the White House to use all the fees they pay to speed the approval of new medicines .And supporters of Israel have begun a campaign to make sure the Jewish state receives the full amount of military assistance promised by the United States .A frenzy of lobbying has been touched off by President Obama's order to slice spending this year by $85 billion, divided equally between military and civilian programs. The cuts have created new alliances and strange bedfellows.
4	 HIALEAH, Fla. — A gunman shot and killed six of his neighbors and held two other people hostage during an eight-hour standoff before a police SWAT team raided an apartment and fatally shot him early Saturday morning, law enforcement officials said.The two hostages were rescued unharmed.The gunman, identified as Pedro Vargas, 43, lived in the apartment complex northwest of downtown Miami with his mother, according to neighbors. They said Mr. Vargas had been embroiled in a dispute with the building's managers, a husband-and-wife team who were among the dead.The police said the episode began around:30 p.m. Friday when Mr.
2	 It's a week for the big ballet stories. On Wednesday, Matthew Bourne's  Sleeping Beauty  opens at City Center and the San Francisco Ballet begins its run of Christopher Wheeldon's  Cinderella  at the David H. Koch Theater . But it's also a week for other kinds of stories, as embodied in work by the French choreographer Boris Charmatz, who will present the second part of his series —  Musée de la Danse: Three Collective Gestures  — at the Museum of Modern Art .Mr. Charmatz directs one of France's many regional, state -financed choreographic centers.
1	 Two NASA astronauts, working more quickly than expected, completed a spacewalk on Saturday in which they took the first steps to repair a malfunctioning pump module that is part of the cooling system for the International Space Station .The astronauts, Col. Michael S. Hopkins of the Air Force and Richard A. Mastracchio, were far ahead of schedule throughout the nearly five-and-a- half-hour spacewalk as they detached tubing and electrical connectors from the pump. They were able to remove the 780-pound module and move it to a temporary storage location, a task that had been scheduled for completion during a second spacewalk.
3	 An investor group filed a federal lawsuit against Richmond, Calif., to prevent the city from using eminent domain to seize mortgages of local residents who owe more than their properties are worth in a bid to keep them in their homes.The lawsuit was filed on Wednesday in a Northern California court by the mortgage bond trustees Wells Fargo and Deutsche Bank on behalf of an investor group that includes Pacific Investment Management Company, or Pimco, BlackRock and DoubleLine Capital.
3	 Jack Andrews and his wife no longer enjoy what they call date night, their once-a-month outing to the movies and a steak dinner at Logan's Roadhouse in Augusta, Ga. In Harlem, Eddie Phillips's life insurance payment will have to wait a few more weeks. And Jessica Price is buying cheaper food near her home in Orlando, Fla., even though she worries it may not be as healthy.Like millions of other Americans, they are feeling the bite from the sharp increase in payroll taxes that took effect at the beginning of January.
3	 It is not just the increased regulation . It's the lack of trust. At what point does this stop?  asked Gary Lynch, the former director of enforcement for the Securities and Exchange Commission who has gone on to jobs with many leading Wall Street firms and is now global general counsel at Bank of America . He was referring to the escalation in penalties being levied on banks, culminating in the $13 billion JPMorgan Chase was forced to pay for a series of transgressions.Speaking at a banking industry conference last month in New York, Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to consider cases concerning the adoption of American Indian children and whether federal judges may play a role in plea negotiations .The adoption case involves a South Carolina couple who were ordered to turn over a 27-month-old girl they had cared for since birth to her biological father, an Indian, whom the girl had never met.
4	 NEW YORK — Not since Sarah Palin's splashy debut in U.S. politics in August 2008 has any female politician come out of obscurity and, virtually overnight, captured the eye of the political and media world like the belle from Fort Worth, Texas : Wendy Davis, the state senator whose marathon filibuster of a restrictive abortion bill is now history.In just a few weeks, the Wendy Davis phenomenon has grown exponentially. She is no longer just a rising star in the Democratic Party constellation. She has risen.
2	  She was just so  tough, Holliday Grainger said.  And I'm not. That's why I needed to play Bonnie. In Bruce Beresford's new mini-series,  Bonnie & Clyde,  to be simulcast Sunday and Monday on Lifetime, A&E and History, she sashays into the role of the 1930s gangster Bonnie Parker, most famously played by Faye Dunaway in Arthur Penn's 1967 classic film of the same name, with Emile Hirsch in for Warren Beatty as Clyde Barrow.Ms. Grainger, 25, started acting as a child but said that she accepted her fate only recently.
2	  LOS ANGELES — Sometime in Season 3 of  The Office,  its creator, Greg Daniels, conceived the premise for what would be the show's finale.Not the actual documentary about the Dunder-Mifflin paper company of Scranton, Pa., that a fictional camera crew shot for what turned out to be nine years, he decided — but a reunion show, in the fashion of the post-competition cast rehashes familiar from reality shows like  Survivor.  At one point I actually approached Jeff Probst,  the host of  Survivor,  Mr.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Federal Aviation Administration will authorize test sites for drone aircraft in upstate New York, New Jersey and at least eight other states, the agency said on Monday, preparing for a time when unmanned aircraft of various shapes and sizes cruise over the landscape.The agency picked six institutions to operate test locations, which will explore how to set safety standards, train and certify ground-based pilots, ensure that the aircraft will operate safely even if radio links are lost and, most important, how to replace the traditional method for avoiding collisions.
3	  WASHINGTON — American consumers increased their spending slightly last month as their income grew at the fastest pace in six months. The figures point to only modest economic growth in the July-September quarter .Consumers' spending on goods and services rose.3 percent in August, the Commerce Department said on Friday. That was up from a.2 percent gain in July. Income rose.4 percent in August, the best gain since February and up from a.2 percent July increase. Private wages and salaries rose.5 percent, while government wages and salaries rose.2 percent.
2	 Vibration is essence for the alto saxophonist and composer Steve Coleman, whose nearly 30-year output as a leader suggests one long investigation, discursive but controlled.  Functional Arrhythmias,  just out on Pi Recordings, comes with a new conceptual hook: It's a collection of pieces inspired by the rhythms of human biological systems, bearing titles like  Limbic Cry,   Respiratory Flow  and (best of all)  Lymph Swag (Dance of the Leukocytes.  But the album isn't half as arcane as that all sounds.As on two previous releases with his flagship band, Five Elements, Mr.
3	 How determined is one of the largest cable television companies, Scripps Networks Interactive, to increase the original programming it offers viewers and advertisers? For the 2013-14 season, the six channels operated by the company plan to add 52 new series.Scripps Networks has long been devoted to original programming on its channels — Cooking Channel, DIY Network, Food Network, GAC, HGTV and Travel Channel . Still, as viewers and advertisers clamor for additional new shows instead of reruns of programs they already watched or sponsored on broadcast television, cable programmers are racing to beef up their original fare.
0	  Atlanta Falcons receiver Roddy White will miss the first game of his nine-year career on Sunday against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .White, a four-time Pro Bowl selection and Atlanta's career-leading receiver, was one of three starters listed as out on Friday's injury report.White played the first five games with a right ankle injury, catching 14 passes for 129 yards . He hurt his left hamstring in a Week 5 loss to the Jets and has not practiced since. Atlanta (1-4) lost the Pro Bowl wideout Julio Jones to season-ending foot surgery in the same game. Jones led the N.F.L.
4	  ATLANTA — The Army told 13 universities this week that it would step back from a plan to shutter their Reserve Officers' Training Corps programs, disrupting a strategy that had been promoted as an effort to refocus the military's recruiting amid demographic shifts.In a document sent to members of Congress on Wednesday evening, the Army said it had  suspended the closure  of the programs and had placed them on  probationary status. Lt. Col. Paul R.
3	  WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve officials are in no hurry to retreat from their bond-buying campaign to stimulate the economy and are likely to postpone any cuts to the program until next year, according to public statements by Fed officials and interviews with some of them. Job growth has strengthened in recent months, and Fed officials expect continued improvement in the coming year. The Fed's chairman, Ben S.
4	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Justice Stephen G . Breyer of the United States Supreme Court was in a Washington hospital after shoulder replacement surgery on Saturday following a bicycle accident. Justice Breyer, 74, was expected to make a full recovery after the operation, said a court spokeswoman, Kathy Arberg.His right shoulder was injured on Friday in a fall near the Korean War Veterans Memorial.Previously, the justice broke his collarbone in an accident in 2011 and sustained broken ribs and a punctured lung in a bicycle crash in, before he joined the court .
3	 When Lawrence H. Summers left his job as President Obama's top economic policy adviser at the end of 2010 to return to Harvard University, one of his first steps was to set up a roster of part-time positions that would touch on just about every corner of the financial world.But as he negotiated with a prominent venture capital firm in Silicon Valley, Mr. Summers made one thing very clear: he needed an exit plan, in case he returned to public service . That was generally the assumption,  said Marc Andreessen, the co-founder of the firm .
3	 LONDON — After five years of dire warnings about the state of the British economy, the governor of the Bank of England raised the outlook for growth on Wednesday and said a recovery was  in sight. Mervyn A. King, in his last scheduled news conference before retiring from the central bank in July, said the economy would grow faster and consumer prices would increase slower than was anticipated in February. Britain's economy could grow by.5 percent this quarter after growing.3 percent in the first three months of this year, the Bank of England said. Inflation could peak at.
2	 In the grim opening to James Marsh's  Shadow Dancer,  a girl in Belfast sends her kid brother out on an errand and smack into the turmoil of British occupation in. Cut 20 years later to the girl, now a young woman, riding the London Underground, destination unknown. Until, that is, her strange behavior reveals a new calling as an I.R.A. soldier.Mr. Marsh's thriller, which opened on Friday, focuses on the uncomfortable connection that arises between the woman, Colette (Andrea Riseborough, and an MI5 agent, Mack (Clive Owen.
3	 LONDON — Royal Dutch Shell, Europe's largest company by market capitalization, reported sharply lower earnings for its third quarter as weak profit margins in refining, and disruption in Nigeria, one of Shell's leading production areas, hurt results.Shell, based in the Netherlands, said earnings excluding extraordinary items were.5 billion, a drop of 32 percent from the quarter a year earlier. Net income of.7 billion was down 35 percent.Like other oil majors, Shell is struggling just to maintain production, let alone increase it, despite heavy capital expenditure as the tenure of Chief Executive Peter Voser draws to a close. Shell shares were down.
3	  WASHINGTON — In the last year, the International Monetary Fund has performed a major reassessment of how it thinks austerity harms a weak, financially troubled economy . But while warning of the perils of slow growth, it still often insists on austerity for just such economies .The tension between those realities will be on full display in Washington this week, as top economic officials from around the world gather for the spring meetings of the monetary fund and its sister institution, the World Bank .
2	 In this 50th anniversary of a pivotal summer for racial equality, the Brooklyn Academy of Music has been offering A Time for Burning: Cinema of the Civil Rights Movement, a series that wraps up with a well-known Hollywood movie and some less known historical offerings. A Raisin in the Sun,  the film version of Lorraine Hansberry's play, is being shown four times on Sunday. The movie was released in, two years after the play had opened on Broadway with largely the same cast. On Tuesday, William Greaves's  Still a Brother  shows at 7 p.m.
3	  WASHINGTON — President Obama's nominee for energy secretary, Ernest J. Moniz, is a consultant to the energy giant BP and a member of the advisory council and board of trustees of King Abdullah Petroleum Studies and Research Center, of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, among other positions, according to disclosure statements filed with the government and released on Friday.Dr. Moniz, who was under secretary of energy during the Clinton administration and is an advocate of natural gas and nuclear power as cleaner alternatives to coal, is also a director of ICF International, a prominent energy and policy consulting firm .
4	  WASHINGTON — Sitting in the Roosevelt Room with prominent African-American religious leaders, President Obama on Monday mused about how far the nation had come in the 50 years since the March on Washington led by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr ., and how far it still had to go.A president who often shies away from talking about race is set to deliver his own speech on Wednesday from the Lincoln Memorial . One thing he knew, he said, was that he could not fill Dr. King's shoes.  He was discouraging us from comparing him to Dr.
4	 The weeks after a gunman killed 20 schoolchildren in Newtown, Conn., were characterized by a new optimism about a goal that had seemed elusive for almost a decade: tougher gun laws . The shooting was called on more than one occasion  a game changer .
2	 WANTAGH, N.Y. —  Here's to Billy Joel — that's why we've got a gig,  Mike DelGuidice called out from his piano at Mulcahy's, a pub and concert hall here on Long Island . As he and his band, Big Shot, performed covers of songs like  My Life  and  Scenes From an Italian Restaurant   on a recent Friday night, a regular crowd of revelers occasionally stopped taking selfies long enough to applaud, or at least clink their beer bottles in appreciation.Running a tribute band, as Mr.
0	 NEWARK, New Jersey (Reuters) - Rutgers University picked a woman to head its athletic programs on Wednesday, as New Jersey's largest public college looks to move on from a scandal that saw several top sports officials resign.Julie Hermann, 49, who was a senior executive atheletic director at the University of Louisville, will be the first woman to hold the post of athletic director at Rutgers .Her predecessor, Tim Pernetti, resigned in early April after ESPN aired video showing the school's then-head men's basketball coach abusing players and berating them with homophobic slurs. The coach, Mike Rice, was fired.
2	 Investigation Discovery, the true- crime network, has made theme packaging of mayhem an art form, with shows grouping murdered beauty queens, dates that turned deadly or bad behavior involving twins . Its midnight offering to close out Halloween night on Thursday is a classic example:  Bloody Marys,  about murders linked only by the coincidence that they were committed by women named Mary.The program examines four cases, two of them in New York State : an ax murder in Jefferson County in 1908 by Mary Farmer and a Depression-era killing on Long Island by Mary Frances Creighton .
3	 FRANKFURT — The economic recovery in the euro zone is feeble. Employment continues to suffer. And the patient is likely to be getting around on crutches for months if not years to come. That was essentially the prognosis from two key economic indicators published Thursday and from economists assessing the latest conditions.The number of people out of work in the countries using the euro currency rose slightly in September, while inflation fell more than expected — both signs of a weak economy .Neither indicator necessarily contradicts other more positive economic news recently, notably an end to the recession in Spain.
4	 SHENANDOAH NATIONAL PARK, Va. — Sally Jewell bounded up a granite boulder near the peak of Old Rag Mountain and turned back to her hiking companion, who was staring up at the smooth rock that offered no obvious hand- or footholds . Trust your feet,  she said.That mountaineer's mantra has carried Ms. Jewell through a lifetime of challenging ascents and a varied career as petroleum engineer, banker and retail executive . On April, she was sworn in as the 51 st secretary of the interior.Ms.
3	 The Obama administration has included a proposal in its 2014 budget that would effectively ban the slaughter of horses for human consumption.Technically, the proposal would prevent money from being spent on inspection of horse slaughtering facilities. Without inspections, facilities could not legally operate. The proposal was greeted enthusiastically by horse lovers and animal advocacy groups .
4	 ANNAPOLIS, Md. — Sweeping restrictions on gun ownership passed the Maryland General Assembly on Thursday, including a ban on new purchases of assault weapons, a 10-bullet limit on magazines and requirements that handgun buyers undergo fingerprinting and target training.The bill now heads to the desk of Gov . Martin O'Malley, a Democrat who has made tough gun control one of his top priorities this year and will get a chance to sign a bill very much like what he proposed.With President Obama's gun legislation stalled in Congress, Maryland becomes the fourth Democratic -led state to enact restrictions.
4	  ALBUQUERQUE — Voters here on Tuesday defeated a ballot question that sought to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, delivering a critical setback to an anti-abortion movement that had sought to use this progressive city to recalibrate the national debate around women's reproductive rights .The referendum, the first of its kind in the country for a municipality, was marked by record turnout and aggressive tactics by volunteers on both sides, who sought to capitalize on the controversy and passion surrounding the issue to drive voters to the polls .
0	  Soccer is not a sport seduced by numbers, unless that number is three — as in the points awarded for a win.Bill James and his sabermetric disciples long ago altered the statistical equations in baseball, but soccer is being dragged, kicking and screaming, into the age of Big Data. For years, soccer — a sport in which the words  that's the way it's always been done  are regularly used — has been notoriously stubborn in acknowledging the importance of statistical analysis and the use of technology to decipher what many have called the simplest game.
4	  WASHINGTON — The first time Senator Patty Murray ran for local office, she was so embarrassed to ask people for money for her campaign that she and her husband held a garage sale. But her generous husband could not stop himself from giving away an expensive lawn mower, she said, leaving the fund-raiser at a net loss .By the time she ran for the Senate in, she had gained the confidence to hold out the hat enthusiastically. I learned that you have to ask people,  said Ms.
4	 KAUFMAN, Tex. — Investigators looking for clues in the killing of the local district attorney and his wife are trying to answer a key question about the crime : did the couple know the person or people who shot them? Law enforcement officials are wondering about that possibility because the prosecutor's wife may have opened the front door of their house before shots were fired . The Kaufman County district attorney, Mike McLelland, 63, and his wife, Cynthia, 65, died at their home near Forney last Saturday morning, possibly around 7 a.m. Ms.
0	  PHILADELPHIA — The final two and a half minutes were, in Andy Enfield's estimation, the longest two and a half minutes of his life. The game could not end soon enough, not with the way Georgetown was making 3-pointers and chipping away at Florida Gulf Coast's lead.Yet his players continued to conduct themselves with the same old flair, a borderline recklessness that had carried them to the cusp of an improbable achievement.
2	  SANTA FE, N.M. — The five productions of the Santa Fe Opera season come in two kinds, a distinction made clear last week, when they were presented in quick succession for the benefit of the press and other completists looking to economize. (Good luck with that in Santa Fe .
3	  Stocks were mixed on Monday, lifted by good economic data on the manufacturing industry but held down by a report that the rate of home sales fell short of expectations .The government said before trading began that orders for long-lasting goods rose in December by.6 percent, helped by a 10 percent gain in orders for new aircraft. The durable goods report was a sign of strength for the manufacturing sector, a crucial driver of economic growth .
0	 (Reuters) - Charlie Manuel, who led the Philadelphia Phillies to the 2008 World Series championship during a triumphant run of five division titles, was sacked as manager of the slumping Major League Baseball team on Friday. Manuel, who won his,000th career game as a big league manager in Atlanta on Monday in what has proved to be a dismal season for the Phillies since the All-Star break, will be replaced on an interim basis by third-base coach Ryne Sandberg. I did not resign and I did not quit,  Manuel, 69, told a news conference at Citizens Bank Park.
4	 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The celebrated marching band of Florida A&M University, whose reputation was damaged by the hazing-related death of a drum major, will be allowed to perform again after a 19-month suspension, university officials announced Thursday .The university's interim president, Larry Robinson, said he was lifting the band's suspension because he was confident that the university had taken precautions to avoid repeating the circumstances surrounding the death of Robert Champion in.
1	  Ten years ago, a computer programming language called Scratch emerged from the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Using colorful stackable icons to represent the sequencing and logic of computer code, Scratch was designed to make programming easy for children 8 and older. Today the free program is used in more than 150 countries and thousands of schools, with more than,500 animations and games uploaded to the online Scratch community each day. Even third and fourth graders call themselves coders.
0	  ATLANTA — Brandon Gaudin surveyed the four front-row chairs in the Georgia Tech radio booth last Saturday.He rendered a guess and dropped his gear.It was opening day for Yellow Jackets football and the biggest day in the professional life of Gaudin, the fourth man in 61 seasons to occupy the team's radio play-by-play seat, whichever one it was.Gaudin propped up his iPad and dug out his smartphone — modern-day accessories to the trade's traditional tools, like colored pens, a notepad, a depth chart, a flip card, a statistics sheet and a commercial break schedule.
4	 COOKEVILLE, Tenn. — When Sarah Short arrived at Tennessee Technological University this summer, she had mapped out her four years of undergraduate study and well beyond: an affordable nursing degree and a commission as an Army officer .But months into her first semester, Ms. Short's plans changed after the Army announced it would close Tennessee Tech's 63-year-old Reserve Officers Training Corps program in, two years before Ms. Short expected to finish her degree. This is the only place I've ever wanted to go,  Ms. Short, 18, a first-generation college student from Murfreesboro, said last week.
4	 ASHLAND, Ky. — It would seem like a Republican fantasy: a famous actress, who has been described by her own grandmother as a Hollywood liberal, is floated as a Senate candidate in one of the country's most conservative states, where she does not even live.That is how Republican operatives gleefully seized on reports that the movie star Ashley Judd, who campaigned for President Obama, might challenge Mitch McConnell, the most powerful Republican in the United States Senate, when he is up for re- election next year.
2	 In 1925 Paul Hindemith wrote a short piece for string quartet that — when played well — provides seven minutes of some of the most excruciatingly painful music ever to offend the ear. Its title, rendered in English, is  Overture to the 'Flying Dutchman' as Played on Sight by a Bad Spa Orchestra by the Village Well at 7 in the Morning,  and if you're a devoted Wagner fan you might want to stop reading now.
0	 NEW YORK — Factbox on Spain's Rafa Nadal who will face Novak Djokovic in Monday's final men's singles final at the U.S. Open:* His uncle Miguel Angel Nadal enjoyed a successful career as a professional footballer, notably for Barcelona and Spain.* The naturally right-handed Nadal switched to being a left-handed player after his coach and mentor Toni Nadal, also his uncle, noted that it would give him a huge advantage on court .* Became first man since Swede Mats Wilander in 1982 to win the French Open title on debut with a four-set victory over Argentine Mariano Puerta in June.
2	 Loosely based on a thriller by Graham Greene, Fritz Lang's  Ministry of Fear,  from, begins with a brilliant, dreamlike sequence, some 20 minutes in length, that seems to have been spun from the principal themes and most memorable images of Lang's silent work in Weimar Germany.
4	  FORT MEADE, Md. — Defense lawyers for Pfc. Bradley Manning asked a military judge on Monday to acquit him of the most serious charge he faces — aiding the enemy by providing classified information to WikiLeaks — as they began to present their witnesses at his court-martial .Private Manning's lead lawyer, David E. Coombs, filed four motions asking the judge, Col. Denise R. Lind, to find him not guilty of that charge and several others on the grounds that prosecutors had failed to prove them during their five-week presentation.
4	 NEW BOSTON, Tex. — A quiet neighborhood in this small town in Northeast Texas has become the focus of the investigation into threatening letters laced with the deadly poison ricin that were mailed to President Obama and Mayor Michael R . Bloomberg of New York, the authorities said Friday. Federal investigators have questioned a man who lives on Maple Street and on Friday continued searching the redbrick house where he lives with his wife and stepchildren. But they have not identified him, arrested him or named him as either a suspect or a person of interest.
3	  WASHINGTON — Americans bought fewer existing homes in September than in the previous month, held back by higher mortgage rates and rising prices . The National Association of Realtors said on Monday that sales of previously owned homes fell.9 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of .29 million . That is down from a pace of.39 million in August, which was revised lower.The sales pace in August equaled July's pace. Both were the highest in four years and are consistent with a healthy market .
3	  President Obama is no longer pressing to raise income tax rates on the rich. But that doesn't mean he thinks the wealthy are paying enough in taxes .Outlining his budget proposals to Congress on Wednesday, Mr. Obama pushed to raise more than $600 billion in new revenue, mainly by curbing deductions for the most affluent taxpayers and forcing million-dollar earners to pay a minimum rate of 30 percent. Under the White House plan, deductions for tax breaks like mortgage interest and contributions to charities would be capped at a maximum rate of 28 percent.
4	  MIAMI — Two months after Florida was denounced for its chaotic election process, Gov . Rick Scott on Thursday endorsed three major changes proposed by the state's election supervisors . Governor Scott said he would support increasing the number of early voting days, including adding back the Sunday before Election Day, widening the range of polling places and reducing the length of ballots.In, the Republican-controlled Legislature changed Florida's election law by shortening the number of early voting days and hours and tightening other election rules, including voter registration . Mr.
2	 Can it be both?The movie, which charts the rise of Bergdorf Goodman from modest tailor shop to Manhattan institution, arrives in limited release on Friday. It follows a string of fashion documentaries in recent years :  Valentino: The Last Emperor,    The September Issue,   L'Amour Fou,   Diana Vreeland: The Eye Has to Travel,   The Tents  and  Ultrasuede: In Search of Halston,  to name just a few.
1	  LOS ANGELES (AP) — Space fans from Russia scanning NASA images have spotted what may be a Soviet spacecraft that landed on Mars in 1971 and then mysteriously stopped working.Photos taken by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter circling the red planet pointed to what may be the Mars 3 lander along with its parachute, heat shield and other hardware that it jettisoned during the descent through the thin Martian atmosphere.While scientists said the find appeared promising, more follow-up was needed to rule out other possibilities.Mars 3 operated for only 15 seconds on the Martian surface before it suddenly stopped communicating.
2	 Visitors browsing through the YouTube channel of the pianist Valentina Lisitsa can watch her in hundreds of videos. There are live webcams of her practicing at her home in North Carolina, long blonde hair tossing and brow furrowed in concentration as she reads through new works. There she is in a red gown playing Schumann's  Traumerei  at a concert in Seoul, and recording Rachmaninoff's Concerto No. 3 at the Abbey Road Studios in London.Ms. Lisitsa, 43, resurrected a completely stalled career through YouTube .
3	  WASHINGTON — Incomes rose more than 11 percent for the top 1 percent of earners during the economic recovery, but not at all for everybody else, according to new data.The numbers, produced by Emmanuel Saez, an economist at the University of California, Berkeley, show overall income growing by just.7 percent over the period. But there was a wide gap between the top 1 percent, whose earnings rose by.2 percent, and the other 99 percent, whose earnings declined by.4 percent.Mr.
0	 NEW YORK — Derek Jeter was out of the Yankees' lineup Sunday with soreness in his surgically repaired left ankle .New York manager Joe Girardi said Jeter probably will be held out for a couple of days before further evaluation. Girardi said he is concerned about the lingering injury to Jeter, but there is no thought about shutting him down for the rest of the season at this point. Eduardo Nunez started at shortstop as the Yankees tried to avoid a four-game sweep by rival Boston .
4	  The American Academy of Pediatrics declared its support for same-sex marriage for the first time on Thursday, saying that allowing gay and lesbian parents to marry if they so choose is in the best interests of their children.The academy's new policy statement says same-sex marriage helps guarantee rights, benefits and long-term security for children, while acknowledging that it does not now ensure access to federal benefits . When marriage is not an option, the academy said, children should not be deprived of foster care or adoption by single parents or couples, whatever their sexual orientation .
3	  LE BOURGET, France — After several years of intense demand for smaller, single-aisle workhorses, the European plane maker Airbus on Monday secured a customer for its twin-deck A380 superjumbo jet, in a deal the company hoped would signal a revival in interest in larger passenger jets .The agreement with a little-known German leasing company, Doric Asset Finance, was for 20 planes, and was valued at.1 billion at list prices . Doric was Airbus's first new customer in nearly two years for its superjumbo plane, which typically seats around 525 passengers.
4	  National women's rights groups and Texas abortion clinics filed suit on Friday in federal court in Texas, seeking to block provisions of a new state law that they said would have  dramatic and draconian effects  on women's access to the procedure.The suit targets two provisions of a sweeping anti- abortion law that Texas adopted in July. The rules are scheduled to take effect on Oct. 29.The first is a requirement that doctors who perform abortions have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital.
4	 WOODLAND PARK, Colo. — A light breeze riffled the tops of ponderosa pines and old Douglas firs on the mountains above this tourist town. It was a serene summer day, but as Jonathan Bruno wandered through the trees, he wondered how long before it all went up in flames. It's just a matter of time,  said Mr. Bruno, who works on forest restoration projects for a local environmental group .  I've been losing sleep. There's just not enough money .
0	 History is beckoning the Knicks these days, but which will be the more powerful calling, the individual measure of lasting greatness or the consummate joy of collective achievement?Carmelo Anthony's 50-point demonstration of near-flawless shooting against the depleted Heat in Miami on Tuesday night stirred memories of Bernard King's back-to-back 50-point eruptions in 1984 — his famed Lone Star swing through San Antonio and Dallas .
3	 BUILDING an investment portfolio that produces enough income to live on is one of the main goals of retirement planning, but lately the goal posts have shifted. With interest rates stuck near record lows, retirees must have more saved up to produce the same income through the usual high-quality investments, like Treasury bonds, or else they must venture into assets with higher yields but potentially higher riskAn alternative approach that financial advisers increasingly find appealing is to replace lost income with greater flexibility.
0	 EAST HARTFORD, Conn. — Towson wants to make sure it doesn't get overlooked this year.The Tigers, who were left out of the Football Championship Subdivision playoffs despite winning their final four games last season, posted perhaps the biggest win in program history on Thursday.Running back Terrance West ran for 156 yards and two touchdowns and the Tigers upset Connecticut 33-18 in the season opener for both teams . I'm sure in the eyes of some, this will be considered very, very big,  said Towson coach Rob Ambrose.  But we've played good competition before.
3	  Positive news on the American economy on Thursday outweighed worries about Syria, sending the stock market higher. The Dow Jones industrial average added.44 points, or.11 percent, to,840.95, and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose .21 points, or.2 percent, to,638.17. The Nasdaq composite index climbed.95 points, or.75 percent, to,620.30.The Dow has gained 64 points over the last two days, not nearly enough to make up for its 170-point loss on Tuesday as tensions over Syria rattled markets .Wayne F. Wilbanks, chief investment officer at the asset management firm Wilbanks, Smith & Thomas, said the market might have fallen too quickly.
2	 Both admired and reviled, D. W. Griffith's 1915 feature  The Birth of a Nation  still occupies an unusual position in American cinema . When it was released, its unnervingly compelling account of star-crossed Civil War families and the Ku Klux Klan was the subject of protests and censorship battles. After all that, you might expect a filmmaker to be taken down a notch.
0	  BALTIMORE — The Baltimore Ravens apparently don't need an emotional lift from Ray Lewis or the services of running back Ray Rice to win a big game.All it took to beat the Houston Texans was a couple of momentum-turning plays and a strong performance by the defense.Daryl Smith returned an interception 37 yards for a touchdown, Tandon Doss took a punt 82 yards for a score and Baltimore's improving defense held the high-powered Texans without a touchdown in a 30-9 rout Sunday.The Ravens inducted the retired Lewis into the team's Ring of Honor at halftime.
0	 (Reuters) - A lawyer for pro football Hall of Famer Gale Sayers said on Saturday he would drop a federal lawsuit filed on the former player's behalf that accuses the National Football League of failing to warn him about and protect him against head injuries . Attorney John Winters told Reuters he would voluntarily withdraw the lawsuit, filed on Friday in United States District Court in Chicago, after hearing from the Sayers' family that the Chicago Bears great no longer wanted to pursue the matter.Attempts by Reuters to get comment from Sayers were unsuccessful.
2	 It's been almost a year since 20 th Century Fox Home Entertainment introduced the Fox Cinema Archives series, a line of manufactured-on- demand DVDs modeled on Warner Home Entertainment's admirable Warner Archive Collection.The concept is a solid one: Take older titles that don't have the star power or Oscar credentials to generate major sales figures, and make them available in no-frills editions with generic packaging.
3	 PARIS — President François Hollande of France called Tuesday for  urgent action  to tackle alarmingly high rates of youth unemployment across the European Union, saying that mounting disillusionment among the  post- crisis generation  threatened the very future of the European project. We need to act quickly,  Mr. Hollande told a gathering of government officials, business leaders and students in Paris.  In this battle, time is the decisive factor. Mr.
0	 LEVIS, Quebec — The Champions Tour event that was played in Montreal the past four years will be moving to the Quebec City area next summer.Promoter Synchro Sports announced Friday the.6 million tournament will be held Sept. 5-7 at the La Tempete Golf Club . It is the first PGA Tour -sanctioned event in the area since Billy Casper won the 1956 Labatt Open.The tournament will be called the Quebec City Championship .
2	 The Original Music Workshop, a multidisciplinary arts organization that is building a modern performance and rehearsal facility in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, is presenting concerts in its unfinished space and elsewhere in town. This week, the workshop is collaborating with the River to River Festival to produce Ex-Situ, a series of three site-specific events.On Sunday evening, the Norwegian vocalist and composer Maja SK Ratkje will tailor her performance to the contours of Cannon's Walk at the South Street Seaport .
2	 In a trailer for   The Canyons,  the coming thriller written by Bret Easton Ellis, Lindsay Lohan 's character thinks back to the days when people watched movies in a theater. Images of the old spaces in ruins remind us — a bit paradoxically, in a preview for a film being released both in theaters and on iTunes — how the times have changed. But just as we begin to sense a dab of sentimentality, Ms. Lohan says,  It's just not my thing anymore. An avowed film fanatic, Mr.
0	 BERLIN — Germany's Mario Gomez and Miroslav Klose are the first choice strikers as the team enters its final stretch to next year's World Cup in Brazil, coach Joachim Loew said on Tuesday.Both players are plying their trade in Italy with the 35-year-old Klose playing for Lazio and Gomez leaving treble winners Bayern Munich in the close season to join Fiorentina . If we don't have an injury, if there is no major dip in form, Gomez and Klose are our first choice, our first priority,  Loew told reporters ahead of Wednesday's friendly against Paraguay in Kaiserslautern .
4	 NEW YORK — When the television series   Mad Men   debuted in, virtually everyone it portrayed was steadily (if not thrillingly) married, children tended to grow up with their fathers, women kept to their place, and nobody was known to be gay .And then, over eight plot years, the future happens.Women rise and seek equality . Marriages are fled more easily. Children start to grow up without fathers. Grandparents step in to help single mothers . Gay people peek out of the closet, and some straights seem unfazed. Marriage and childbearing are delayed for careers.
4	 SAYLORSBURG, Pa. — A shooting during a township meeting Monday night left three people dead, and the gunman was tackled by a local official and shot with his own gun before being taken into custody, a witness said.The shooting, which also wounded at least two other people, happened shortly before:30 p.m. during Ross Township's regular monthly meeting, said Guy Miller, the Monroe County emergency management director . The gunman, who appeared to be  shooting randomly,  was in state police custody at a hospital, Mr. Miller said.The state police in Lehighton, Pa.
2	 Gelsey Kirkland's relationship with  The Nutcracker  runs deep. She played Clara opposite Mikhail Baryshnikov in his 1977 production for American Ballet Theater, but one of her strongest memories is of when she was a student at the School of American Ballet. Ms. Kirkland, a lovely wisp of a girl, was cast as the lead in George Balanchine's classic version. What could go wrong? I had a crush on the prince in the other cast,  Ms. Kirkland said, sitting next to her husband, the director and choreographer Michael Chernov, at their Gelsey Kirkland Academy of Classical Ballet in TriBeCa.
3	  BRUSSELS — A key challenge for U.S. and European trade negotiators will be deciding which differing industry regulations to retain on each side of the Atlantic, and which to map out jointly. That was the view of American and European officials conferring here Monday as the two sides prepare for the next round of discussions toward a sweeping trans-Atlantic trade pact .Ahead of the next round of talks, to be held Oct.
0	  DETROIT — Max Scherzer could only watch as the lead — and another shot at his 20th win — slipped away.The Detroit right-hander didn't mind, especially once Alex Avila's homer put the Tigers ahead again moments later.Avila homered twice, including a tiebreaking solo shot in the eighth inning that lifted Detroit over the Kansas City Royals 3-2 Sunday. Scherzer was in line for his 20th win when reliever Drew Smyly allowed the Royals to tie it in the top of the eighth, but Avila answered with a drive to right-center for his 11th home run this season.
4	  WASHINGTON — President Obama on Monday named two people to his cabinet who will be charged with making good on his threat to use the powers of the executive branch to tackle climate change and energy policy if Congress does not act quickly.Mr. Obama nominated Gina McCarthy, a tough-talking native of Boston and an experienced clean air regulator, to take charge at the Environmental Protection Agency, and Ernest J. Moniz, a physicist and strong advocate of natural gas and nuclear power as cleaner alternatives to coal, to run the Department of Energy .
4	  CLEVELAND — As more grim details emerged Thursday about the long captivity of the three women rescued from imprisonment in a dilapidated home here, one official compared the victims to survivors of a P.O.W. camp, and prosecutors said they would seek murder charges against the man held in the abductions, accusing him of forcing at least one of the women to miscarry.Timothy J. McGinty, the Cuyahoga County prosecutor, said the miscarriages, which at least one of the women described to the police, could be grounds for seeking the death penalty for the suspect, Ariel Castro . Mr.
2	 Two years ago the Swedish D.J., producer and denim model Avicii released  Levels,  a clangorous and joyful club anthem that was a global hit so vast that it reinforced the fact that the United States isn't really the center of global pop, at least not the way it once was.America has no real radio infrastructure for dance music, which means even a song like  Levels  has little hope of moving beyond the Electric Daisy Carnival circuit and into the broader pop consciousness, although everywhere else that's exactly where it resided.
3	 NEW ORLEANS — The practices of the oil giant BP came under sharp attack on Wednesday in a courtroom here by an expert witness who said its negligence caused the 2010 explosion aboard a Gulf of Mexico drilling rig that killed 11 workers and spewed millions of barrels of oil .A full day of testimony in the third day of a trial against BP was dominated by the witness, Alan R. Huffman, a petroleum geophysicist who was testifying for the government and private plaintiffs. Mr.
0	 BRISBANE — Serena Williams' inconsistent displays are usually accompanied by angry self-chastisement, but the greater fear of her ankles not surviving through January saw the world number one in phlegmatic mood despite her far-from-perfect first WTA outing of the season.In, Williams' left ankle forced her to pull out of the Brisbane International and led to an early departure from the Australian Open when she was beaten by American compatriot Sloane Stephens .After the loss, Williams sent a picture on Twitter of her grotesquely swollen right ankle.
3	  WASHINGTON — The chairwoman of the Federal Trade Commission is expected on Thursday to recommend a sweeping investigation of   patent trolls,  companies that buy large portfolios of technology patents and use them to sue software designers and makers of products like smartphones and tablet computers, people briefed on the inquiry said.The chairwoman, Edith Ramirez, is planning to ask the full commission to approve an inquiry that will include the issuance of subpoenas to companies that are known as patent-assertion entities, or, unflatteringly, as patent trolls .
3	  TOKYO (Reuters) — Japan Airlines said a Boeing 787 Dreamliner jet undergoing checks in Tokyo after a fuel leak at Logan International Airport in Boston last week had leaked fuel again during tests in Japan on Sunday.An open valve on the aircraft caused fuel to leak on Sunday from a nozzle on the left wing used to remove fuel, a company spokeswoman said. The jet is out of service after spilling about 40 gallons of fuel onto the airport taxiway in Boston because of a separate valve-related problem.
0	 CORVALLIS, Ore. — Vernon Adams was not awed by Oregon State . The Beavers won't soon forget the Eastern Washington quarterback .Adams did everything Saturday, passing for 411 yards and running for 107 and the go-ahead score with 18 seconds left as the Eagles upset No. 25 Oregon State 49-46 to become the third FCS team to beat a ranked FBS team. Watching it live, it was really impressive,  Eastern Washington coach Beau Baldwin said.  He wasn't afraid of the situation. The junior from Pasadena, Calif.
0	 The public response Monday to Jason Collins's announcement that he was gay was overwhelmingly supportive, at least among other professional athletes .Collins's essay, in which he came out as the first player in a major American sports league while still pursuing his career, was published online by Sports Illustrated on Monday morning . It precipitated an outpouring of supportive comments on social media sites by his fellow N.B.A. players, former professional athletes and President Obama, among countless others.
4	 Soon after the 10th anniversary of the foundation bearing his name, Bill Clinton met with a small group of aides and two lawyers from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett. Two weeks of interviews with Clinton Foundation executives and former employees had led the lawyers to some unsettling conclusions.The review echoed criticism of Mr. Clinton's early years in the White House : For all of its successes, the Clinton Foundation had become a sprawling concern, supervised by a rotating board of old Clinton hands, vulnerable to distraction and threatened by conflicts of interest.
0	 Fantasy footballers' search for psychological comfort has a distinct ring to it. It sounds a little something like this:  I'll never draft Player X. It doesn't seem like such an important phrase, but it's packed with meaning. It's our way of whittling down the inevitable tough choices we'll have to make when at long last we have our real drafts, the ones that count for something more than a rehearsal.
3	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration is rushing to reach a new deal intended to lower barriers to trade with a dozen Pacific Rim nations, including Japan and Canada, before the end of the year.But the White House is now facing new hurdles closer to home, with nearly half of the members of the House signing letters or otherwise signaling their opposition to granting so-called fast-track authority that would make any agreement immune to a Senate filibuster and not subject to amendment. No major trade pact has been approved by Congress in recent decades without such authority .
3	  WASHINGTON — As more nuclear reactors across the country are closed, the problem of what to do with their waste is becoming more urgent, government officials and private experts said at a conference here this week.To address the problem, a bipartisan group of four senators introduced a bill on Thursday that would provide for temporary, centralized storage, even as House leaders remained focused on trying to revive plans for the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository that the Obama administration has declared dead. Nuclear waste is accumulating in steel and concrete storage casks at reactor sites around the country.
4	  ATLANTA — A 22-year-old man was charged with murder Thursday in the death of a candidate for mayor in the Mississippi Delta.The Coahoma County Sheriff's Department in Mississippi said in a statement that Lawrence Reed of Clarksdale, Miss., was under investigation in the death of the candidate, Marco McMillian, 34. Medical experts on Thursday performed an autopsy on Mr. McMillian, whose body was found beside a levee on Wednesday near Clarksdale, where he was running for office.The police began looking for Mr. McMillian after his car was involved in a head-on collision on Tuesday on Highway.
0	 NEW YORK — A tackle-machine linebacker, a tackle-busting running back and one of the most disruptive defensive tackles in the country made return appearances on The Associated Press All-America team. Alabama linebacker C.J. Mosley, Arizona running back Ka'Deem Carey and Arizona State defensive tackle Will Sutton were selected to the first team for the second straight season.The All-America teams were released Tuesday and selected by a panel of AP college football poll voters . Heisman Trophy winner Jameis Winston from Florida State added All-American to his resume after a spectacular redshirt freshman season .
0	 For the first time since, the Yankees will probably play more games without Derek Jeter than with him. Jeter, the Yankees' captain and most popular player, will most likely be out until after the All-Star Game because of a small fracture in his surgically repaired left ankle . He originally fractured the ankle in October, in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series, but he had vowed to try to return to the lineup by opening day.
2	 Propellers where faces ought to be. Woman-on-woman death matches. Celebrity chefs with a taste for human flesh. All you cinephiles who like to find grand statements and social criticism in horror movies, prepare to bloviate. It's midnight at the Tribeca Film Festival .The festival has a menu of horror films in the Midnight Section (though that doesn't necessarily mean that they're showing at midnight, which begins on Thursday night . The same night, the festival is offering a free outdoor treat: a showing of  The Birds,  Alfred Hitchcock's 1963 creeper about an avian attack .
4	 By midday Monday, roughly three dozen members of a grass-roots disability rights group called Adapt, many of them in motorized wheelchairs, had gathered on the steps of the Longworth House Office Building to protest House Republicans' repeated attempts to repeal and delay President Obama's health care law .Mike Oxford, 54, who has a spinal injury, said people with disabilities were at a disadvantage no matter what.  If the government shuts down, there goes the money that pays for our home and community services, housing funding, transportation.  he said.
1	  WASHINGTON — Happy or sad? Content or bored? And how many times did you smile yesterday? A panel of experts thinks Uncle Sam should be more in touch with our feelings.By gauging happiness, there'd be more to consider than cold hard cash when deciding matters that affect daily lives, according to a report this week from the National Academy of Sciences, which advises the government .The panel of economists, psychologists and other experts assembled by the academy recommended that federal statistics and surveys, which normally deal with income, spending, health and housing, include a few extra questions on happiness.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senate Democratic leaders reached agreement Thursday on a $110 billion mix of tax increases and spending cuts to head off automatic spending cuts through the end of the year. But with even some Democrats tepid on the proposal, the chances of a deal before the March 1 deadline have receded.The Democratic proposal would establish a 30-percent minimum tax rate on incomes over $1 million to raise about $54 billion over 10 years.
2	  PALO ALTO, CALIF. — The performance space of the Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics at Stanford University was filled to capacity on a recent Saturday morning, the blinds drawn against the optimistic California sunshine. Sets of loudspeakers positioned on either side of the room emitted a repetitive pattern of phonemes that were so short as to resemble brief electronic bleeps.
4	 A quiet but intense struggle over money and influence is roiling the Republican Party just as the 2014 election season is getting underway.At least a dozen   super PACs   are setting up to back individual Republican candidates for the United States Senate, challenging the strategic and financial dominance that Karl Rove and the group he co-founded, American Crossroads, have enjoyed ever since the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision in 2010 cleared the way for unlimited independent spending .
0	  DALLAS — Danny Green didn't miss a shot in scoring 22 points, Tim Duncan had 21 points and 13 rebounds, and the San Antonio Spurs took advantage of the Dallas Mavericks' weakened frontcourt for a 116-109 victory Thursday night . Mavericks centers Samuel Dalembert and Brandan Wright were fighting undisclosed illnesses and 6-foot-7 DeJuan Blair spent most of the night guarding the 6-11 Duncan, who recorded his 10th double-double this season and 768th of his career.
4	  WASHINGTON — Barack Hussein Obama ceremonially opened his second term on Monday with an assertive Inaugural Address that offered a robust articulation of modern liberalism in America, arguing that  preserving our individual freedoms ultimately requires collective action . On a day that echoed with refrains from the civil rights era and tributes to the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr ., Mr.
3	 As cold weather lingered across most of the country, Americans shopped modestly in March. Retailers reported that a benchmark sales figure rose slightly during the month, as shoppers held back on spending because of cold weather across the nation, particularly in the Midwest and East Coast, and continued fears about the economy . Retail analysts and industry executives, however, said they expected sales to pick up in April.According to a preliminary tally of 15 retailers by the International Council of Shopping Centers, sales in stores open at least a year rose.4 percent in March, or.2 percent excluding drugstores.
4	  WASHINGTON — The House Ethics Committee announced Friday that it was pushing ahead with an investigation into Representative Peter Roskam of Illinois, a member of the House Republican leadership, and that it was pursuing inquiries into three other lawmakers, including Michele Bachmann .Timothy H. Bishop, Democrat of New York, and John F. Tierney, Democrat of Massachusetts, are also being investigated, the committee said.The accusation against Mr.
2	 With 73 feature films, 39 shorts, and panels and discussions, the weeklong DOC NYC gives New Yorkers even more to chew on, including work by the director Errol Morris, who will present his film  The Unknown Known,  about the former secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld, on opening night ; and Michel Gondry, who will present  Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy? An Animated Conversation With Noam Chomsky  on closing night with Mr. Chomsky.The centerpiece, on Nov. 17, is John Maloof and Charlie Siskel's  Finding Vivian Maier,  about Mr.
4	 AMARILLO, Texas (AP) — Stanley Marsh, an eccentric millionaire artist best known for his Cadillac Ranch art display along an interstate highway in the Texas Panhandle, has settled lawsuits from 10 teenagers who said he paid them for sex acts, lawyers for both sides announced Saturday.In a prepared statement, the plaintiffs' lawyer, Anthony Buzbee, and Mr. Marsh's lawyer, Kelly Utsinger, said the teenagers and Mr. Marsh have resolved their differences and that no side would comment further. The statement was obtained by The Amarillo Globe-News.Mr.
2	 And yet it is:  Today  is deep into another anchor crisis . Only this time it's the man at the desk, not the woman, who may be pushed out.To his credit Matt Lauer on Thursday gave little sign that his tenure at the NBC morning show is in question, despite a flurry of news articles this week painting him as embattled.Mr. Lauer was as polished and suave as ever, though perhaps a little preoccupied. At one point he stared so intently at his co-anchor, Savannah Guthrie, that she grew flustered.
2	 On my first day in New York, I struck gold. It was; I'd become a dance critic the year before and was here to learn; but at, I knew nothing about the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts at Lincoln Center . Fortunately, a man I met in line that morning for standing-room tickets to see the New York City Ballet kindly led me there, in particular to the Jerome Robbins Dance Division on the library's third floor, and showed me how to find my way around its incomparable archive of dance on film .
2	 In the 21 st-century economy, the path from a degree to a job is, for many fields of study, no longer as clear as it once was. But everybody has to eat, right? So the numerous people who think they can cook might think culinary school is the way to go educationally. Yet a serious cooking school is not all sugar and spice, as it were, as the students profiled in  The Freshman Class  find out.
3	 Hospitals across the nation are being swept up in the biggest wave of mergers since the 1990s, a development that is creating giant hospital systems that could one day dominate American health care and drive up costs .The consolidations are being driven by a confluence of powerful forces, not least of which is President Obama's signature health care law, the Affordable Care Act . That law, many experts say, is transforming the economics of health care and pushing a growing number of hospitals into the arms of suitors.The changes are unfolding with remarkable speed.
1	 At the bottom of the world, an observatory embedded in ice and designed to catch bountiful but elusive subatomic particles could give astronomers a brand-new look at the universe.An international team of scientists reported on Thursday that over a two-year period they had detected 28 of these particles, known as neutrinos, that arrived from outside the solar system and possibly from across the universe. This gives us a new way to do astronomy,  said Francis Halzen, a physics professor at the University of Wisconsin who is the principal investigator for the project, the IceCube Neutrino Observatory.
4	 WAYNESBURG, Pa. — From his bar-side perch at Hot Rod's House of Barbeque here, 57-year-old Wolf Tripp argued that President George W . Bush had ample cause a decade ago to dispatch troops and armor into Iraq to topple Saddam Hussein .  Look at the mass graves,  he declared.  Hussein gassed his own people. The gassing last month of hundreds of Syrian civilians is entirely another matter. And sending cruise missiles there to punish the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad, is out of the question, Mr. Tripp said this week.
3	 Partly driven by an oversupply of cheaper panels from China, the domestic solar market had its best year in, with the growth in installations outpacing that of the global market, according to an annual report to be released Thursday .The report, from the Solar Energy Industries Association, the industry's main trade group, and GTM Research, a renewable energy consulting firm, found that the amount of new solar electric capacity increased last year by 76 percent from, raising the United States' market share of the world's installations above 10 percent, up from roughly 5 to 7 percent in the last seven years.
4	  WASHINGTON — Lois Lerner, the head of the Internal Revenue Service's division on tax-exempt organizations, was put on administrative leave Thursday, a day after she invoked the Fifth Amendment and declined to testify before a House committee investigating her division's targeting of conservative groups . Lawmakers from both parties said Thursday that senior I.R.S. officials had requested Ms. Lerner's resignation but that she refused, forcing them to put her on leave instead. Whether her suspension will lead to dismissal was unclear, given Civil Service rules that govern federal employment . The I.R.S.
2	 No people were harmed in the making of  Berberian Sound Studio,  but fruits and vegetables didn't fare too well.In this British thriller, a sound engineer, Gilderoy (played by Toby Jones, arrives for his first day at an Italian studio unsure of what kind of movie he will be working on. Then footage of a brutal attack is unspooled for him. But as that plays, the viewers' eyes are directed to a table with a microphone, on which two men create the sound of the attack by using machetes and hammers on melons.
4	 Thousands of supporters of an immigration overhaul held rallies on Saturday at more than 150 sites in 40 states, trying to pressure Congress, despite the partisan turmoil in Washington, to focus on passing a pathway to citizenship for millions of immigrants here illegally .Hoping to display the wide reach of their movement, advocates held larger rallies in immigrant strongholds like Los Angeles, San Diego and Boston, with smaller demonstrations in places where immigrant groups have grown recently, including Atlanta ; Rogers, Ark.; and Yakima, Wash.
0	 (Reuters) - Rubin Kazan have sacked long-serving coach Kurban Berdyev following the team's mediocre domestic performances this season, the Russian club said on Friday. The club's decided to terminate the contracts of Berdyev, general director Andrey Gromov and vice-president Kamil Iskhakov,  Rubin said in a statement, adding that the club are yet to discuss nominations for new coach.Former Turkmenistan coach Berdyev, 61, took charge at Rubin in August 2001 and led them to two Russian league titles - the Russian Cup last year and two domestic Supercups - becoming the most successful coach in the club's history.
2	 Did you watch the classic 1980 horror film  The Shining  and think it was about a man driven to insane and murderous rage by a haunted hotel ? If so, you blew it. Or rather, you missed profound messages subtly embedded in the film by its enigmatic director, Stanley Kubrick.That, at least, is the notion behind  Room,  a documentary by Rodney Ascher released on Friday. The movie is a series of voice- overs atop scenes from Kubrick movies by a small assortment of obsessives who have developed baroque theories about the true meaning of  The Shining.
0	 For decades, the United States Open tennis tournament was a mainstay of broadcast television, along with the Super Bowl, the World Series and the Masters . From Billie Jean King and Rod Laver to Roger Federer and the Williams sisters, viewers knew they could watch superstars, rising talents and upstarts play in the men's and women's finals and semifinals — and more — on CBS .But that is about to end.
4	  WASHINGTON — Two months after Detroit became the largest city ever to file for bankruptcy, top Obama administration officials will be there on Friday to propose nearly $300 million in combined federal and private aid toward a Motown comeback — only a fraction of the billions the city owes and a reflection of the budget and political limits on President Obama .
2	  LOS ANGELES — Cheryl Boone Isaacs, a veteran film marketer, was named president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Academy said on Tuesday. Ms. Isaacs is the first woman to hold the Academy's presidency since Fay Kanin, who was president from 1979 to, and is the first African-American to serve as president in the group's 86-year history. She previously held various Academy offices, and was most recently the group's first vice president .Ms. Isaacs succeeds Hawk Koch, who served for only one year but was precluded by an elaborate term-limits system from running again.
1	  The United States now ranks 11th in the world in cases of plague, according to a new survey of the disease.With 57 cases in a decade, it is far below the hardest-hit countries, Congo with,581 and Madagascar with,182. Still, it is the only wealthy country on the list; 97 percent of cases are in Africa.The survey was published Monday by The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.The Black Death killed a third of Europe in the 14th century, but cases are no longer found there, probably because cities keep rat populations down, said the author, Dr. Thomas C.
2	 Don't mess with perfection: That's the approach Mads Mikkelsen took after being cast in NBC's  Hannibal  as a certain gourmand cum serial killer whose taste for human flesh, accompanied by some fava beans and a nice Chianti, was immortalized by Anthony Hopkins in  The Silence of the Lambs.  After all, imitation isn't necessarily the sincerest form of flattery when you don't think you can outact the master.Mr.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The economy expanded at a sluggish pace in the fourth quarter although a big gain in business investment and higher exports of services led the government to push up its previous estimate for growth . Gross domestic product expanded at a.4 percent annual rate, the Commerce Department said on Thursday, just below the.5 percent gain forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll .The growth rate was the slowest since the first quarter of 2011 and far from what is needed to fuel a faster drop in the unemployment rate .
2	 Certainly Cassie, the protagonist of Tuesday night's episode of  Catfish: The TV Show,  had an inkling that at some point during filming of the show, which tries to unite people with the online loves they've never met but who almost always prove to be shams, she'd be reduced to admitting that she'd been had.And yet she pressed on, leading to the moment, about midway through the episode, when she sits in a car, shrieks something fierce, calls her mother in tears and then turns to Nev Schulman, the show's host-facilitator-enabler, and utters with honest incredulity,  I'm a joke.
4	  WASHINGTON — Senator Tom Harkin, the Democrat from Iowa who championed landmark legislation banning discrimination against people with disabilities, said Saturday that he would retire and not seek re- election next year to a sixth term .The announcement from Mr. Harkin sets the stage for one of the most competitive Senate races in the country in the 2014 midterm elections . It will be a crucial contest in the Republican Party's quest to win control of the chamber from Democrats . It's not easy to walk away, but life is fleeting,  Mr. Harkin, 73, said in an interview Saturday.
1	 MOJAVE NATIONAL PRESERVE, Calif. — J. Craig Venter, the maverick scientist, is looking for a new world to conquer — Mars. He wants to detect life on Mars and bring it to Earth using a device called a digital biological converter, or biological teleporter.Although the idea conjures up   Star Trek,  the analogy is not exact. The transporter on that program actually moves Captain Kirk from one location to another. Dr. Venter's machine would merely create a copy of an organism from a distant location — more like a biological fax machine.Still, Dr.
3	  WASHINGTON — Just a few months after announcing a campaign to reduce unemployment, Federal Reserve officials are already debating how soon to stop it, reflecting persistent internal divisions about the effort's value.At a meeting in December, several members of the Fed's policy making committee argued that purchases of Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities should be reduced or ended  well before the end of,  according to an account of the meeting the Fed published Thursday after a customary three-week delay.
0	  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — This was going to be the year when Hakeem Nicks ran under dozens of Eli Manning passes, snatched them out of the air with his sure hands and ran all the way to the bank .Nicks, a free agent at the end of the season, knows what a top wide receiver can command in the pass-happy N.F.L. In March, Mike Wallace, the premier receiver available last off-season, signed a five-year, $60 million contract with the Miami Dolphins .
2	 INDIO, Calif. — At the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, which descends upon the Empire Polo Field here each April, there are two large outdoor stages, three almost as big stages under gargantuan tents and one enclosed nightclub-esque structure. All together, they played host to about 190 acts from Friday to Sunday, ranging from global superstars to promising indie bands that may never rise beyond that level.
4	  CHICAGO — This city's 471 st homicide of 2012 happened in the middle of the day, in the middle of a crowd, on the steps of the church where the victim of homicide 463 was being eulogized. Sherman Miller, who was, collapsed amid gunfire not far from the idling hearse that was there to carry away James Holman, 32, shot to death a week earlier.The funeral shooting at St . Columbanus Catholic Church on the South Side left neighbors fretting that no place, not even a church, felt safe any longer.
1	 Getting older means getting slower, and the heart is no exception. A decreased maximum heart rate later in life reduces our capacity for strenuous work and can make it difficult to live alone. But why, exactly, does the heart slow down?New research suggests that the fault lies with the sinoatrial node, a group of cells in the right atrium that acts as an internal pacemaker by generating the electrical impulses that keep the heart beating.
0	  CHICAGO — Johnny Hellweg pitched six innings for his first career major league victory and Logan Schafer hit a three-run triple to help the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 5-3 on Saturday.Hellweg (1-3) allowed three runs on four hits. He struck out one and pitched around three walks to finally earn his first victory after flourishing in the minors. Brewers relievers Rob Wooten and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning then Jim Henderson pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities.Hellweg was the Pacific Coast League's pitcher of the year after going 12-5 with a.
1	  HONG KONG — Delegates at a major international meeting on wildlife trade voted on Monday to add several shark species to a list of plants and animals whose international trade is regulated. The vote was welcomed by conservationists, though it is still subject to final approval by the conference later this week.The decisions on the five shark species — the oceanic whitetip, the porbeagle and three types of hammerhead sharks — were high on the agenda of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, or Cites, in Bangkok this month.
3	  BRUSSELS — The European Union may soon have a new budget — including the first cut to spending in its history — after a surprise breakthrough deal on Thursday.The European Commission president, José Manuel Barroso, announced agreement on a seven-year, 960 billion euro, or.27 trillion, budget after early morning talks with the president of the European Parliament and other officials from E.U. member states .Mr. Barroso said the deal included more flexibility than earlier versions.The budget still needs final approval by the European Parliament, but that is looking more likely thanks to this agreement.
2	 How do you please Lorne Michaels? Twenty-two 'Saturday Night Live' cast members – and one who came close – share tales of the audition that can make or break a career.For nearly 40 years,   Saturday Night Live   has been a reliable engine for generating new comedic talent, and a springboard for stars like Dana Carvey, Will Ferrell, Jimmy Fallon and Kristen Wiig.
2	 Thanks to a provision in the European Union's new copyright law, fans of some musicians who made recordings in the 1960s are likely to be treated, for the foreseeable future, to annual batches of previously unissued material. But because artists and record labels are apparently unhappy about being forced to release material they would rather keep in the vaults, collectors need to be quick and alert: So far, the most tantalizing recordings have turned up in limited, hard-to-find editions. And where labels are normally eager to publicize their releases, they are doing their best to keep these ones secret.
2	 If there is ignominy in being anonymous at the premiere of your own movie, the ladies of Pussy Riot didn't show it. There they were, without their trademark bright balaclavas, sitting at the back of the Landmark Sunshine Cinema on the Lower East Side on Wednesday evening, awaiting the showing of an HBO documentary called   Pussy Riot : A Punk Prayer.
2	 Anyone who saw  HPSCHD,  the 1969 multimedia riot by John Cage and Lejaren Hiller recently recreated in New York as part of the Darmstadt Essential Repertoire series, likely lingered at some point near the stoic figure at the eye of the storm, who imperturbably played Mozart on a harpsichord surrounded by crumpled gold foil. The performer was Joseph Kubera, a venerated denizen of classical music's outer limits for three decades and counting.Although he maintains a busy collaborative schedule, Mr. Kubera presents solo recitals less often than his stature warrants.
2	 Word of the disaster first came, as is the case with every disaster these days, from witnesses. Horrified by what they were seeing, they reached for their keyboards and smartphones and warned their family members and friends . They called it  Sharknado. There was no need for alarm, for it was just a campy movie about airborne shark attacks, televised at 9 p.m. Thursday on Syfy, the same cable channel that previously concocted  Mansquito,   Mongolian Death Worm,   Sharktopus  and dozens of others just like it.
2	 Two questions demand our attention here at the midpoint of the summer: Can the shark hunters, who arrive on Wednesday, mobilize in time to save us from the next sharknado, which is forecast for Friday? And what is it with all the fish on television all of a sudden?The CBS mini-series  Under the Dome  has been pretty successful this summer, but nothing has created the buzz that a much-lower-rent science-fiction offering,  Sharknado,  did when it was broadcast on July 11 on the Syfy channel .
0	 NEW YORK — A high school pitcher taken by the New York Yankees in the first round of the Major League Baseball draft is apologizing for comments that barbed the team.Ian Clarkin was picked Thursday night . Right after being chosen, MLB Network showed a video in which the 18-year-old from California said he  cannot stand  the Yankees .On a conference call Friday, Clarkin said he was sorry. He said the remarks were taken out of context and meant to tease his mother, a Yankees fan .
2	 The producers of the PBS series  Masterpiece  had an office pool going to guess the premiere ratings for Season 3 of  Downton Abbey,  the British period drama that has improbably become one of America's most-buzzed-about shows.Five million viewers, surpassing the Season 2 premiere ? Maybe six million, even more than the Season 2 finale ? Did anyone dare bet seven million ?No. Nobody did. Sunday's premiere, though, attracted at least.9 million viewers, exceeding everyone's estimation — and catapulting PBS above commercial broadcasters like ABC and NBC, at least for a night.
4	  WASHINGTON — Americans who lack medical coverage disapprove of President Obama's health care law at roughly the same rate as the insured, even though most say they struggle to pay for basic care, according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .Fifty-three percent of the uninsured disapprove of the law, the poll found, compared with 51 percent of those who have health coverage . A third of the uninsured say the law will help them personally, but about the same number think it will hurt them, with cost a leading concern.
3	 Tom Aikens is a Michelin-starred chef and runs the Tom Aikens and Tom's Kitchen restaurants in London.Q. How would you describe the experience of working in a kitchen?A. It's very much like the army, in that you have various positions, you have specific jobs and a hierarchy. You need that in order to control the kitchen. But it also allows the guys fresh out of college to start with the easier jobs and then slowly get promoted.Q. In an environment like that, how important is teamwork?A. It's the most important thing .
2	   Alpha House,  the first original series from Amazon, may be about four fictional scandal-clad senators living in a group house in Washington, but verisimilitude is a foundational element. The Russell Senate Office Building has been painstakingly recreated at Kaufman Astoria Studios in Queens, right down to the hideaways and mail slots. And while there are quite a few other shows set in the milieu of Beltway politics, there is none other in which Barack Obama is president and Mitch McConnell is the Senate minority leader, as they are here.
2	 If Ivete Sangalo were an American singer, rather than the most popular female vocalist in Brazil, she would undoubtedly be described as a belter. Onstage, she is bold, brassy and boisterous, part of a lineage that includes Tina Turner, Janis Joplin and Bette Midler, and on her records she has often favored songs that allow her to emote loudly and dramatically.It's an approach that has worked splendidly for Ms. Sangalo, who on Saturday will be performing at the Prudential Center in Newark.
0	 GULLANE, Scotland — The painful way in which Adam Scott lost last year's British Open steeled the Australian and gave him the willpower to win his first major championship at this year's U.S. Masters .Scott held a four-shot lead at Lytham 12 months ago but bogeyed the last four holes to allow Ernie Els to sneak through and claim the Claret Jug . Overall you just have to be tough coming down the stretch, and I wasn't tough enough that day,  the Australian told a news conference on Wednesday.
4	  WASHINGTON — The Obama administration on Friday announced that it was not backing down from a confrontation with the coal industry and that it would press ahead with enacting the first federal carbon limits on the nation's power companies .The proposed regulations, announced at the National Press Club by Gina McCarthy, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, are an aggressive move by Mr. Obama to bypass Congress on climate change with executive actions he promised in his inaugural address this year.
4	  WASHINGTON — If there was a symbol on Tuesday of America's pent-up frustration with a gridlocked political system, it was this: Scores of aging World War II and Vietnam veterans pushing past barricades to honor their fallen comrades at a memorial closed by a government shutdown .The veterans arrived in Washington from Mississippi and Iowa, having spent thousands of dollars to charter  honor flights  to the capital.
2	 Should auld acquaintance be filleted? That's the message of a batch of splattery movies released on Blu-ray just in time for New Year's Eve .In  The Beast Within  (Shout! Factory, a mutant rapist inhabits the body of his innocent teenage son, with unsightly consequences. In  Nightmare City  (Raro, blasé Italians are zombified and, no longer overcome with ennui, enthusiastically go for the throats of friends and loved ones.
3	  WASHINGTON (AP) — Orders to American factories increased in December even though companies trimmed their orders for goods that signal investment plans. Factory orders rose.8 percent in December compared with November, when orders had fallen.3 percent, the Commerce Department said Monday.But demand for core capital goods, a category considered a proxy for business investment plans, fell.3 percent in December after strong gains of.3 percent in November and 3 percent in October. Orders for durable goods, items expected to last at least three years, rose.3 percent, slightly below the.6 percent estimated in a preliminary report.
4	 HURON, Calif. — Farm labor contractors across California, the nation's biggest agricultural engine, are increasingly nervous about a provision of the Affordable Care Act that will require hundreds of thousands of field workers to be covered by health insurance .While the requirement was recently delayed until, the contractors, who provide farmers with armies of field workers, say they are already preparing for the potential cost the law will add to their business, which typically operates on a slender profit margin .
0	 The man with the lowest batting average in the major leagues was not thinking of his offense in the top of the ninth inning Wednesday at Citi Field . Ike Davis, the son of a major leaguer, had enough on his mind.Davis had gone hitless again, with two walks, dropping his average to.147, last among the roughly 170 players with enough plate appearances to qualify for a batting title . None of that mattered with runners at the corners and one out in a tie game.
3	 A New York state judge found JPMorgan Chase liable to the Russian-American billionaire Leonard Blavatnik for breach of contract for placing risky subprime mortgage securities in an investment account he held, and ordered the bank to pay more than $50 million in damages, including interest.In a decision made public on Monday, Justice Melvin Schweitzer of the State Supreme Court in Manhattan ordered JPMorgan to pay.5 million on the breach of contract claim, plus 5 percent annual interest starting in May.The judge found JPMorgan was not liable for negligence. His decision was dated Aug.
4	  WASHINGTON — Michelle Obama urged high school students on Tuesday to increase the opportunities available to them by pursuing higher education as she kicked off an initiative that seeks to increase the number of low-income students graduating from college and signaled her plans to focus more on administration policy during the president's second term.Opening up to high school sophomores gathered in an auditorium at Bell Multicultural High School in Washington, Mrs.
2	 The New Year is once again coming up roses for HGTV, that champion of the fantasy lifestyle, which heralds 2014 from its traditional perch at the 125th Rose Parade. Starting at 11 a.m., Vin Scully, the Hall of Fame sports broadcaster and grand marshal, will lead nearly 50 floats, centered on the theme  Dreams Come True  and adorned with more botanical elements — black lichen, Spanish mosses, safflower blossoms, cordon puffs, coconut flakes and even chive and onion seed — than the average florist might go through in five years, down Colorado Avenue in Pasadena, Calif.
0	 Weeden was named Cleveland's starting quarterback on Tuesday, ending a  competition  set up by Browns first-year coach Rob Chudzinski, who wanted to push the QB to bring out the best in him. Brandon has earned this,  Chudzinski said,  and that's extremely important to me that he did. He has gained my complete trust. He has gained his teammates' complete trust and this organization's trust. We're all behind him and we'll all be behind him to support him.
1	 When the winds change, a ferocious forest inferno can make a sharp turn, and the fire crews battling it may need to depend on their eyes and instincts to tell them whether they are in danger.Sometimes, as appears to be the case in the deaths of 19 elite firefighters in Arizona, it is already too late.Of course, the best way to fight catastrophic fires is to keep them from growing to catastrophic scale. But that is becoming more and more difficult as global warming raises the likelihood of fires, especially in Western forests.
3	 IN a coming episode of  Debunking the Diet,  a new Web series produced by Luna, the nutrition bar for women, the comedian Erin Gibson quizzes women on the street about how much fiber they are supposed to have daily.Later, Ms. Gibson joins Tara DelloIacono Thies, a registered dietitian and nutrition strategist for Clif Bar & Company, which owns Luna, in a studio. Along with clarifying that women require 25 to 30 grams of fiber daily and that most get only half that, Ms. DelloIacono Thies suggests good sources of fiber, like whole grains, fruits and vegetables .
3	 LONDON — With oil companies hungry for new undersea reserves, Iceland is opening its waters to exploration. The island nation, which was battered by the financial crisis, is hoping some promising early signs will lead to a big find.Melting ice is expected to make the Arctic more accessible to drilling, mining and shipping, and Iceland is eager to position itself as a base for some of that activity.It issued two licenses for oil exploration in January and is finalizing a third, hoping to pave the way for rigs to drill beneath its seas for the first time.
4	  DENVER — Colorado took a major step late Friday toward enacting some of the toughest new gun measures that have been introduced since the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut touched off a national debate about gun control .After more than 12 hours of emotional and bitterly divided debate, the Democratic-controlled State Senate gave preliminary approval to a package of gun bills. At its heart are measures that would require universal background checks for private gun sales and limit ammunition magazines to 15 rounds.
4	  WASHINGTON — In, the Supreme Court ruled that criminal defense lawyers must warn their clients if deportation could be a consequence of a guilty plea . On Wednesday, the court limited the reach of that ruling, saying it did not apply retroactively to people whose convictions had become final by the time the justices announced their 2010 decision, Padilla v. Kentucky .Wednesday's decision was bad news for the petitioner, Roselva Chaidez, a Mexican woman in Chicago who has been a legal permanent resident of the United States since.
0	  Chris Kunitz scored his 19th goal, Sidney Crosby had two assists, and the Pittsburgh Penguins jumped out to a four-goal lead before beating the visiting Minnesota Wild, 5-2, on Thursday night for their season-high sixth straight victory.The rookie defenseman Olli Maatta sealed the Penguins' win when he scored on a third-period penalty shot. Pascal Dupuis and Brandon Sutter each scored for the second consecutive game, and defenseman Matt Niskanen also tallied for Pittsburgh, which has won 11 of 12 over all and nine straight at home.Crosby extended his season-best point streak to nine games.
3	 PARIS — Stéphane Richard, France Télécom's chairman and chief executive, received the backing of the company's board on Monday, despite allegations that he had a role in a cloudy financial affair, after President François Hollande said the French government supported keeping him in his post.Mr. Richard's grip on the job became uncertain last week after he was placed under formal investigation in connection with what was suspected to be fraud involving a 2008 arbitration case .
0	 DURHAM, N.C. — The scene at the Nets ' team dinner late Monday night, hours after they arrived on the campus of Duke University to begin their weeklong training camp, resembled a support group or an intervention.How else to describe two dozen adults, pouring their hearts out, encouraging one another, securing promises to help one another, always? That's what it looked like,  Jason Terry said Tuesday.  We were all in a group. Everybody that's on this team and the coaching staff was all in a circle, and we all just talked. It was great.
0	 OWINGS MILLS, Md. — When Terrell Suggs tore his right Achilles' tendon over the off-season, his Baltimore Ravens teammates were concerned, and that might be putting it mildly. How would the defense's pass rush hold up? Suggs seemed almost irreplaceable.In stepped Paul Kruger, a fourth-year linebacker whose understated résumé featured six and a half career sacks and one start. If this did not foster much optimism within the locker room, his play soon did.Kruger has been a force for the Ravens heading into Sunday's A.F.C.
2	 To watch a Terrence Malick movie is to be on the move. Forty years after his debut with a road movie (  Badlands, he now makes truly moving pictures of a more restless sort. His characters and camera constantly chase and encircle one another, searching for some kind of connection — be it physical, emotional or spiritual.From  The New World  (2005) and  The Tree of Life  (2011) to the recently released  To the Wonder,  Mr. Malick's camera is drawn to bodies — and attendant hearts and minds — that are in greatest motion.
3	  WASHINGTON (Reuters) — Consumer prices fell in March for the first time in four months and industrial production slipped, strengthening the argument for the Federal Reserve Board to maintain its monetary stimulus to speed up economic growth .Other data released on Tuesday suggested that the housing market recovery was losing momentum, even though builders started work on new homes at an annual rate of more than one million units for the first time since June. For the Fed, it's business as usual,  said Millan Mulraine, senior economist at TD Securities .
1	 Often, all that remain are shards of fossilized bone and a wrecked, irreplaceable scientific record. And in cases where poachers excavate an entire skeleton and spirit it away to illicit entrepreneurs or collectors, it is as if the bones, buried for millions of years, were being dug up only to be hidden away again in private collections . This is huge,  said Catherine A. Forster, a paleontologist at George Washington University who is president of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology.  It isn't just one or two specimens.
4	 The AIDS epidemic in America is rapidly becoming concentrated among poor, young black and Hispanic men who have sex with men.Despite years of progress in preventing and treating H.I.V. in the middle class, the number of new infections nationwide remains stubbornly stuck at,000 a year — more and more of them in these men, who make up less than 1 percent of the population.Giselle, a homeless 23-year-old transgender woman with cafe-au-lait skin, could be called the new face of the epidemic .
0	 UNIONDALE, N.Y. — John Tavares and his feisty Islanders teammates have confounded the critics through four games of their opening-round playoff series against the Pittsburgh Penguins .Now it is mighty Penguins — holders of the best record in the Eastern Conference and winners of 15 straight games in one stretch — who have plenty to fret about.Tavares scored the go-ahead goal midway through the third period and the Islanders held on for a thrilling 6-4 victory over the Penguins, tying their best-of-seven Eastern Conference quarterfinal series at.The Islanders won their first home playoff game since, as Evgeni Nabokov made 27 saves.
3	 Target has become the latest in a string of companies that have lowered business expectations while contending with an uncertain economy .The retailer on Wednesday lowered its annual profit forecast after reporting a 13 percent drop in second-quarter profit, as its expansion into Canada — its first foray outside the United States — has proved more challenging than it previously thought.But the company is also contending with mixed economic signals that have caused it and its rivals, like Walmart and Macy's, to temper their forecasts for the remainder of the year.
2	 One way to judge a streaming-video service — the only way, if you look at recent news coverage — is by its original series. By that measure, Hulu is the scrappy, undersized contender of the Big Three, ranking below Netflix, the steamrollering champion, but above Amazon, which is still standing outside the ring lacing its gloves.
3	 NEW ORLEANS — As the trial against BP stemming from the 2010 explosion of a drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico began here Monday morning, the details of a settlement offer by federal and state officials to the oil company to emerge.The plan, worth a total of $16 billion, would limit the fines paid by BP under the Clean Water Act to $6 billion, a proposal that could help reduce its tax liability, one person briefed on the plan said Sunday, speaking on the condition of anonymity .
4	 Dissatisfaction Over Allowing Gay Scouts : The decision to allow openly gay Boy Scouts but not leaders elicited strong feelings from the scouting community.GRAPEVINE, Tex. — The Boy Scouts of America on Thursday ended its longstanding policy of forbidding openly gay youths to participate in its activities, a step its chief executive called  compassionate, caring and kind. The decision, which came after years of resistance and wrenching internal debate, was widely seen as a milestone for the Boy Scouts, a symbol of traditional America.
2	 As  Endeavour  begins Sunday night on PBS's  Masterpiece Mystery!,  we first glimpse the young Detective Constable Endeavour Morse singing in a choir. Those with the Morse bug, or the British mystery bug in general, will remember that the first episode of  Inspector Morse  back in 1987 began with the middle-aged detective inspector's rushing from a crime scene to a choir rehearsal. Mission accomplished.Having started last year with a single episode, the prequel series  Endeavour  is now starting fresh with a four-episode first season.
2	 What are the hallmarks of great rapping in? Lyrical imagination and complexity, sure — those are always on the list. But they're increasingly sharing space with things like texture, emotion, versatility, experimentation and confidence. Rap has always made room for innovation, eccentricity and dialect, but the range has never been wider.Arguments about what makes great rapping fail to grasp the beauty of the argument itself: there are so many options to choose from. Today's great rappers don't sound much like the ones they grew up on. Or sometimes they sound like everyone they grew up on, and then some.
2	 There's bad news in Wednesday night's episode of  Through the Wormhole With Morgan Freeman,  on the Science Channel . The annoying epidemic of hacking on television could be about to get a lot worse and a lot more far-fetched. Through the Wormhole  is an always interesting exploration of new research and provocative ideas in the scientific world.
2	  SANTA MONICA, Calif. — As   Zero Dark Thirty,  his narrative about the hunt for Osama bin Laden attracts scrutiny, the screenwriter Mark Boal has consoled himself with brouhahas of movies past. Warren Beatty came under fire for  Bonnie and Clyde,  in which he starred, because it was considered sensationalist and was pilloried for glamorizing violence . Demonstrators protested the depiction of the Vietnam War in  The Deer Hunter,  and protesters were arrested outside the 1979 Oscars.  Apocalypse Now  was a cultural punching bag for years during its much-delayed production.
2	 NASHVILLE — You can't beat Shane McAnally's commute. Mr. McAnally, one of the top songwriters in country music, lives in a spacious two-story house on leafy side street in East Nashville, a few miles and a quick jump across the Cumberland River from Music Row, the heart of the country industrial complex . He maintains an office on Music Row, but these days Mr. McAnally prefers to work, quite literally, in his own backyard: in his recently renovated writing room, a plush aerie above a two- car garage, about a dozen steps from his home.Mr.
2	 Alfred Hitchcock may be the most famous film director who ever lived — a favorite of both the pleasure-loving public and theory-addled academics; the subject at once of bizarre biographical fantasies (now available in both book and movie form) as well as of some of the most significant critical thinking of the last 50 or 60 years.Most of his films remain easily accessible through home video, whereas the work of many of his contemporaries has been allowed to sink into commercial obscurity. Thirty-three years after his death, his image is as instantly recognizable as that of Chaplin or Einstein.
4	 FALFURRIAS, Tex. — By the time the woman perished, she had probably slogged 25 miles through dry ranch lands in her quest to enter the United States . She was found just feet from a highway where she might have been picked up and taken to Houston with other migrants making the same journey.Not long ago, her body would have been taken to a funeral home for a cursory attempt at identification, then buried in this town an hour north of the Mexico border under a sign reading  unknown female.
0	 You had your chance.Now, it's out of your hands.If top-ranked Florida State and No. 2 Ohio State both win on Saturday, they deserve to play for the national title — and no amount of griping from the SEC should make a bit of difference.The Seminoles have done what they needed to do: win every game.Ditto for the Buckeyes, even if people want to gripe about the quality of the Big Ten.Neither No. 3 Auburn nor No.
